Kid, don't point the gun at my head! If you have the guts, shoot me!!
Kit, you're right. We live in separate worlds. Your world is a better place... I may have taken the wrong path, but I am willing to make things right again, for it is not too late.
That's enough!!! I don't need your pity!!... You don't owe me anything! I would never force my own friends to do something they wouldn't do! I have my own regulations! I just don't want to live like this anymore!!... Do you think I like to beg!?... I've been in bad shape for three years, waiting for this opportunity! This is my only chance, not to prove that I'm the best, but to simply take back what I have lost!!!... Look at yourself. Look at what you've become!!... Back then, people rejected you! Now you can't even take two steps without someone following you!!! Have you ever fought for a chance? You never have. Never!!!... I don't want to be like you...
WHOSE IDEA WAS THIS?!?
Uh-oh! Towel! I need a towel!
I heard that, you twig!
"Waiter, I'm in my soup!"
But I am flying! And from way up here, you all look like little ants!
First rule of leadership: everything is your fault.
Francis, leave them alone. They are poo-poo heads.
I know it's a rock! Don't you think I know a rock when I see a rock? I've spent a lot of time around rocks!
I hate performing on an empty stomach!
I swear, if I hadn't promised Mother on her deathbed that I wouldn't kill you, I would kill you!
I think I'm going to wet myself.
I'm finished! Finally I'm a beautiful butterfly.
I'm the only stick with eyeballs!
It was all a part of the plan!
It's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess. One of those "circle of life" kind of things.
Judging by your breath, you must have been buzzing around a dung heap all day!
Let this be a lesson to all you ants: ideas are very dangerous things. You are mindless, soil-shoving losers put on this earth to serve us!
"Hey, bartender! Bloody Mary, O-positive."
No... It's because I'm a PROP! You always cast me as the broom, the pole, the stick! A splinter!
Shoo, fly, don't bother me.
So! Being a ladybug automatically makes me a girl! Is that it, fly boy? Huh?!
Someday, I will be a beautiful butterfly, and then everything will be better.
That's our lot in life. It's not a lot, but it's our life!
"Okay, who ordered the poo-poo platter?!"
What's the point of going out there? They'll only laugh at me...
Why didn't I think of that? Oh, because it's suicide!
You let one ant stand up to us, and they all might stand up! Those "puny little ants" outnumber us a hundred to one. And if they ever figure that out... THERE GOES OUR WAY OF LIFE! It's not about food. It's about keeping those ants in line. THAT'S WHY WE'RE GOING BACK! Does anyone else wanna stay?
You piece of dirt. No, I'm wrong. You're lower than dirt. You're an ant!
You're wrong... Hopper. Ants are not meant to serve grasshoppers. I've seen these ants do great things, and year after year, they somehow manage to pick enough food for themselves and you! So-so who's the weaker species?! Ants don't serve grasshoppers! It's you who need us! We're a lot stronger than you say we are. And you know it, don't you?
Ok, i just wanna say What's up? Grandma, grandpa... and... to the other two old people... What's up?... Yeah, you two.
"Like... we see a picture of this young lady. But to the lady, are we just a picture of us? Did you ever think about that?"
Can you believe we actually had sex with these asswads?
Richard Grieco, you see right through me.
Did you grab my ass? Do you want to?
Nobody gets in unless they talk to the list. We're on the list. Name? Steve and Doug Butabi. You're brothers? No...? YES. Man, works every time. That's very funny. Yea, Doug's hilarious.
There you are. We got scared. Of who, we'll kick his ass. No we got scared someone stole you away from us. Oh... oh, like some other girls would steal us away. Oh... OH.
So hey, let me ask you something. How long have we been friends? All seven years of high-school. Yeah, at least. That's why I gotta be real with you right now. As a professional trainer, guys, I'm a little worried about your triceps. I mean you guys are going all the week out and it's called full extention. And I'm not seeing it. Craig, you're right. We actually had a long talk about that the other night. Looong taaalk. I just don't want you guys to cheat on yourselves. And I'm sorry to come down here like this but... pfff... in a weird way it's my job. Hey, that's why we love you and we hate you. So, still friends? You know it! I'm glad we had this talk.
So... you want to dance? We're not in the club yet. Right.
About the store? You sit around thinking about the store? You're supposed to be thinking about... Hey what's up? You want some of this? Or a little of that?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? What? 'Cause I can see myself in your pants!
So anyways, I was standing there waiting to use the pay phone. Yeah, he was, seriously. And this guy who was on the phone, turns around and tips his hat like this. And who do you think that guy was? Emilio Estevez. The Mighty Duck man, I swear to God, I was there. Of course you were, you were the one who yelled the Breakfast Clubber's name. I was like, "Emilio".
Why go out for burgers when you have steak at home? You're right, we should go out for lunch after this.
You can take our phones and you can take our keys, but you cannot take away our dreams. Yeah, because we're, like, sleeping when we have them.
What I do understand is that you're going to a big new hot club tonight. Is that what it is? That's right. Exactly. What I don't understand is how you're gonna get there. What are you doing? God. Man.
Dooey, did you just grab my ass? Sir, from where I'm standing, that's a physical impossibilty. Oh, I know your tricks, Dooey!
Wait a minute, did you just grab my ass? No. Do you want to? No... should I?
Mr. Zadir, Dooey just called from Pismo Beach. He says there's no way he could've grabbed your ass. What is he up to now?
Dad, is there any way I can get out of this? Yes... nooooooo.
I miss Doug! He's in the guest house! He's 20 feet away! But he doesn't have cable! Yes he does! He has Cinemax! But there's no HBO! GOD!
Oh my god, Doug. This is the most amazing place I've ever been. Guys, guys. This is the coat room. The club's in here.
What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Steve, slow down. I can't help it man, it's hottie overload. Just pace yourself. Ok... What's up?... 2, 3, 4. What's up?... 2, 3, 4...
What's up? Do you know you were doing 50? Hottie cop likes you. Think she pulls over just anybody? Make a move. What's up? Just giving you an $80 ticket. She is so into you. I want you to do me a favor. What ever you say, "T.J. Hooker". Please obey all posted speed limits. Have a good night. It's already been good, now that you have served and protected me. Way to go brother! You got her badge number and you got a date to meet her at the Municipal State Court. Up top. Very nice! Yeah!
Good, how are you? About 8 o'clock, 8:15. Yeah, all the time. BMW. Right at sunset. Vanilla mostly.
How long will they last? Well, they'll last forever, cause they're silk. They'll always be there. They'll never die. They'll never change. They'll never say you're not good looking. They'll always be in your room where you left them and not suddenly move out to the guest house.
Are you seeing planes? Is your name Tattoo? Because swear to God, you're living on Fantasy Island - man, that was a sweet show. Yeah, it was a sweet show.
Hey, Hey, is that a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
Hey, nice bulbs, Emily. Oh, and I don't mean that metaphorically.
Hi. You've reached Doug Butabi. I'm not here right now because I'm too busy outside living it up, unlike my pussy-whipped brother who's too busy throwing his life away for Emily. Beep.
Man, I owe you BIG TIME! For bringing me here!
So... you guys wanna make out or what?
You know what i heard when i first met you? No. Beeew, Beeew, Beeew, Beeew. What are you doing? That's an ambulance, come and take me away, 'cos the sight of you stopped my heart.
You know, just because you and your brother are having problems, doesn't mean you have to refer to my intellectual capacity in a dimunitive manner.
One, two, Freddy's coming for you. Three, four, better lock your door. Five, six, grab your crucifix. Seven, eight, gonna stay up late. Nine, ten, never sleep again.
Oh man. Midnight. Baseball bats and bogeymen. Beautiful.
"Booby Traps and Improvised Anti-personnel Devices"? What're you reading it for? I'm into survival.
What did you do to your arm? I burned it in English class.
You ever read about the Balinese way of dreaming? No. They got a whole system they call "dream skills". So, if you have a nightmare, for instance like falling, right? Yeah. Instead of screaming and getting nuts, you say, okay, I'm gonna make up my mind that I fall into a magic world where I can get something special, like a poem or song. They get all their art literature from dreams. Just wake up and write it down. Dream skills. And what if they meet a monster in their dream? Then what? They turn their back on it. Takes away its energy, and it disappears. What happens if they don't do that? I guess those people don't wake up to tell what happens.
What are dreams, anyway? Mysteries. Incredible body hocus-pocus. Truth is we still don't know what they are or where they come from. What happened? That needle sank like a rock. She's entering deep sleep now. Heart rate's a little high due to anxiety, but otherwise she's nicely relaxed. All normal. She could dream at any time now. Right now she's like a diver on the bottom of an ocean no one's mapped yet. Waiting to see what shows up.
You didn't sleep, did you? The doctor says you have to sleep or you'll-- Go even crazier? I don't think you're going crazy, and stop drinking that damn coffee.
You want to know who Fred Krueger was? He was a filthy child killer who got at least twenty kids, kids from our area, kids we all knew. It drove us all crazy when we didn't know who was doing it. But it was even worse when they caught him. What happened? Well, the lawyers got fat and the judge got famous, but someone forgot to sign the search warrant in the right place, and Fred Krueger was free, just like that. So a bunch of us parents tracked him down after they let him go. Found him in an old boiler room. We poured gasoline all around the place, left a trail out the door, locked the door, then let it burn. He's dead, Nan. He can't get you. Mommy killed him.
His name is even in it, written right in here: Fred Krueger. Fred Krueger! You know who that is, Mom? You better tell me, cause now he's after me! Nancy, trust your mother for once. You'll feel better as soon as you sleep. Feel better?! You call this feeling better?! Or should I grab a bottle and veg out with you. Avoid everything happening to me by just getting good and loaded. Fred Krueger can't be after you, Nancy. He's dead! Fred Krueger is dead. Dead and gone. Believe me, I know. Now go to bed. I order you, go to bed. You knew about him all this time, and you've been acting like he was someone I made up! You're sick, Nancy. Imagining things. You need to sleep, it's as simple as that. Screw sleep! Nancy! Nancy! It's only a nightmare! That's enough!
What'd he look like? You get a look at him? No. Well then how can you say somebody else was there? Because somebody cut her. While I watched. Somebody cut her while you watched and you don't know what he looked like? I couldn't see the fucker. You could just see the cuts happening, all at once. I probably could've saved her if I'd moved sooner. But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before. There was this guy who had knives for fingers.
I don't see why you couldn't just give me a pill to keep me from dreaming. Everyone's got to dream. If you don't dream, you go...
Glen, you bastard. What'd I do? I asked you to do just one thing. Just stay awake and watch me. Just wake me if it looked like I was having a bad dream. And what did you do, you shit? You fell asleep.
I know you're there, Krueger. You think you was gonna get away from me? I know you too well now, Freddy. And now you die. It's too late, Krueger. I know the secret now. This is just a dream, too. You're not alive. The whole thing is a dream. I want my mother and friends again. You what? I take back every bit of energy I ever gave you. You're nothing. You're shit.
The killer's still loose, you know. You saying somebody else killed Tina? Who? I don't know who he is. But he's burned, he wears a weird hat, a red and green sweater, real dirty, and he uses some sort of knifes he's got made into a sort of glove. Like giant finger-nails.
You believe it's possible to dream about what's going to happen? No. You believe in the bogeyman? No. Rod killed Tina, and you know it.
Had a hardon this morning when I woke up, Tina. Had your name written all over it. There's four letters in my name, Rod. How could there be room on your joint for four letters? Hey, up yours with a twirling lawn mower! Nyahh. Rod says the sweetest things. He's nuts about you. Yeah, nuts.
I knew there was something about you I liked. You feel better now, right? Jungle man fix Jane. No more fights? No more fights. Good. No more nightmares for either of us then. When did you have a nightmare? Guys can have nightmares too, y'know. You ain't got a corner on the market or something.
All day long I've been seeing that guy's weird face, and hearing those fingernails... Fingernails? That's amazing, you saying that. It made me remember the dream I had last night. What'd you dream? I dreamed about this guy in a dirty red and green sweater. But what about the fingernails? He scraped his fingernails along things. Actually, they were more like finger-knives or something, like he'd made them himself. Anyway, they made this horrible noise. Nancy. You dreamed about the same creep I did, Nancy. That's impossible.
Please God... This... is God.
She dreamed this would happen. She had a nightmare about somebody trying to kill her last night. That's why we were there, Mom. She was afraid to sleep alone.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard. We play in your court.
Come out and show yourself, you bastard.
Hey, can't catch me!
I asked you to do just one thing. Just stay awake and watch me. Just wake me if it looked like I was having a bad dream. And what did you do, you shit? You fell asleep.
Whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
His name is even in it, written right in here! Fred Krueger. Fred Krueger! You know who that is, Mom? You better tell me, cause now he's after me!
Come to Freddy.
Gonna get you.
I'm gonna kill you slow.
I'm gonna split you in two.
I'm here.
I'm into survival.
I'm your boyfriend now, Nancy.
Tina, watch this.
You stupid bitch, you're killing... you're killing us!
This is where he takes us.
Freddy's home.
I killed you once before, you son of a bitch!
Do you like my body?
Hi. Welcome to the snake pit.
If your only faith is science, doctor, it may be you that's laid to rest.
In my dreams I'm beautiful. And bad!
Sleep, those little slices of death, how I loathe them.
In my dreams I can stand. My legs are strong. In my dreams I am the Wizard Master.
I'm not going to take any more of this. How much longer are you going to go on blaming your dreams for your own weaknesses? Lady, how much longer you gonna keep blowing smoke up our ass?! That's enough, Kincaid! There will be no repeat occurrences of last night's events. From now on your doors will be locked during sleeping hours. We'll start a policy of evening sedation for everybody. The fuck you will! Anybody tries drugs on me gets his ass kicked! Well, you just bought yourself a night in the quiet room, Mister. Now sit down! Fuck you! You sit down!
You! Oh, my God. Run!
Joey, look. All the little piggies come home. Let him go, Krueger! Your wish is my command.
This is it, Jennifer. Your big break in TV. Welcome to prime time, bitch!
I said, where's the fucking bourbon?! You should listen to your mother. Goddamn it, Kristen, you ruin everything! Every time I bring a man home you spoil it! You know what your shrink says? You're just trying to get a little attention!
Will, you look tired. Have a seat. No thanks. I'm fine just the way I am. For now, maybe. But when you wake up, it's back... in the saddle... again.
Taryn... Taryn! What? Why, uh... why should we fight? We're old friends, you and I. Remember? Let's get high.
He's turning us against each other so we will be weak. Bullshit. No, she's right.
The man in my dreams, he's real, isn't he? He's real.
Five, six, grab a crucifix. Seven, eight, better stay up late. Nine, ten, never... never... Never sleep again. Where did you learn that rhyme?
Girl, what are you doing? Watching TV. I can see that. Why don't you read a book? You watch too much damn TV. Research. Oh, you gonna be a big TV star. Wait and see. Yeah, well if Simms catches you here after lights out, she's gonna chew my ass off. I gotta stay up, Max! Jennifer... I can't handle the nightmare. Not after Phillip. All right, but I never saw you. Thanks, Max.
This slump over here, this is Kincaid. Now I want you to take a good look. See, he gets himself thrown in the quiet room so often that you probably won't see a whole lot of him. Ain't that right, cool breeze? Right. I do it so I don't have to look at your ugly face all the time. Yeah, I love you too.
I know who's trying to kill you. Save it lady. We're not in the mood. He wears a dark brown hat. He has razors on his right hand. His skin is badly burned. Wh-who is he? His name is Freddy Krueger. He was a child murderer when he was alive. After he died, he became something much, much worse. Six years ago, he killed my friends. He almost killed me. And now he's back. But why is he after us? Yeah, what did we do? It's not you. It's your parents, my parents. They burned him alive, and now we're paying for their sins. You are the last of the Elm Street children. Mom and Dad? That's crazy, they never mentioned anything like that. Oh yeah, that's just the kind of thing your parents want to let you know. "Good night darling, say your prayers. Oh by the way your dad and I just torched some maniac last night."
I used to live in this house. That's just a house I dream about.
He's strong; he's never been this strong. The souls of the children give me strength.
Only one thing can save the children now. The unquiet spirit must be laid to rest... Neil? What are you doing up here? Oh, I was just talking to... To who?
In the name of Lowrek, Prince of Elves, demon begone! Aah! Sorry, kid. I don't believe in fairy tales.
I'm in. Me, too. Let's go kick the motherfucker's ass all over Dreamland. Yeah!
Can I ask you a question? Why certainly. Who gives a fuck what you think?!
Welcome home, Taryn. Look familiar? Okay, asshole, let's dance!
Yo, Freddy! Where you hiding at, you burnt-faced pussy?! You think your hot shit with the little mute kid, don't ya? Well, let me see you come get a piece of me! Krueger, pussy! Yeah, I knew he was a little chicken.
Ain't gonna dream no more, no more. Ain't gonna dream no more. All night long I sing this song. Ain't gonna dream no more.
Great, now my dick's killin' me.
He couldn't hack it, so he got nailed. Period.
It's now or never. I'm not gonna kid you, this is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in this dream it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
Let's snuff the sucka.
Phillip, wake up... Have a nice stroll, asshole.
Welcome to Prime Time, bitch!
What a rush!
What's wrong, Joey? Getting tongue tied?
You're mine now, piggy.
And I knew just as surely, just as clearly, that life is not a work of art, and that the moment could not last.
As a Presbyterian, my father believed that man by nature was a damn mess. And that only by picking up God's rhythms, were we able to regain power and beauty. To him, all good things, trout as well as eternal salvation come by Grace. And Grace comes by art. And art does not come easy.
As time passes, my father struggled for more to hold on to, asking me again and again: had I told him everything. And I finally said to him, "Maybe all I know about Paul is that he was a fine fisherman." "You know more than that," my father said; "he was beautiful." And that was the last time we spoke of my brother's death.
Dear Jessie, as the moon lingers a moment over the Bitterroot's, before its descent into the invisible, my mind is filled with song. I find I am humming, softly, not to the music, but to something else, some place else. A place remembered. A field of grass where no one seemed to have been, except the deer, and the memory is strengthened by the feeling of you, dancing in my awkward arms. Norman.
In my family, there was no clear line between religion and fly fishing. We lived at the junction of great trout rivers in Missoula, Montana. Where Indians still appeared out of the wilderness to walk the honky tonks and brothels of Front Street.
It is those we live and love should know who elude us.
Like many fly fishermen in Western Montana where the summer days are almost Arctic in length, I often do not start fishing until the cool of the evening. Then in the Arctic half-light of the canyon, all existence fades to a being of my soul and memories and the sounds of the Big Blackfoot River and a four-count rhythm and the hope that a fish will rise. Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of those rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters.
Long ago, when I was a young man, my father said to me... "Norman, you like to write stories?" And I said, "Yes, I do." Then he said, "Someday, when you're ready... you might tell our family story. Only then will you understand what happened and why."
The Burns family ran a general store in a one store town and still managed to badly. They were Methodist, a denomination my father always referred to as Baptist who could read.
They're both marvelous. I'd say Lord has blessed us all today... It's just that he has been particularly good to me.
Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting; The Soul that rises with us, our life's Star, Hath had elsewhere its setting And cometh from afar; Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come From God, who is our home. Though nothing can bring back the hour Of splendor in the grass, of glory in the flower; We will grieve not, rather find Strength in what remains behind; In the primal sympathy Which having been must ever be; In the soothing thoughts that spring Out of human suffering; In the faith that looks through death. Thanks to the human heart by which we live, Thanks to its tenderness, its joys, and fears, To me the meanest flower that blows can give Thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears.
Is there anything else you can tell me? Nearly all the bones in his hand were broken. Which hand? His right hand.
My candle burns at both ends; it will not last the night. But ah my foes, and oh my friends - it gives a lovely light.
If he came back next summer, would you try and help him? If you wanted me to. Well he's not coming back. Well, at least he's got friends out there. Who Ronald Coleman? Why is it the people who need the most help... won't take it? I don't know Jess. Well, I don't cry Norman. Can I show you something? Only if it's something good. Read. So, what do you think? What do I think? I think it's the berries! You do? Yeah, to get away, Chicago, God it's haven. Have you ever been? No, not anywhere. Helena. Congratulations Norman! Truth is, I'm not sure about I want to leave. Montana? Why? It'll always be here. Not Montana. Then what? What! I'm not sure I want to leave you.
I'm not leavin'. What? These hands are hot, Norm. I can feel it. What are you talking about? You can't go back in there. Norman, it's fine. I'll be fine. But they won't even let you play. Oh, yes they will. With what? Your own debt up to your God damned neck. Norm, it's my debt. OK, it's my debt. Jesus Christ.
Oh, I'll never leave Montana, brother.
You're late, Neal. Yeah, yeah, I didn't get in until late. Well, I didn't get in at all but I was here. Neal, Paul. Paul, Neal. We've met. Neal, in Montana, there's three things we're never late for: church, work, and fishing. Couldn't you find him? The hell with him. Well, I thought you were supposed to help him. How the hell do you help that son of a bitch? By taking him fishing. He doesn't like fishing. He doesn't like Montana and he sure as hell doesn't like me. Well, maybe what he likes is somebody trying to help him. I'm in deep trouble. Yep. Want me to come over and protect you? Hello, Jess. Hey, Paul. How's your brother? You both left him alone. Well, I'm sorry about that. That was my fault. Well, you're not forgiven. Was Norman forgiven? Norman's not funny.
Would you be so kind and shut down my pain receivers?
He who is without "sim", cast the first stone.
Those were the years when the icecaps melted due to the greenhouse gases and the oceans had risen and drowned so many cities along all the shorelines of the world. Amsterdam, Venice, New York forever lost. Millions of people were displaced. Climate became chaotic. Hundreds of millions of people starved in poorer countries. Elsewhere a high degree of prosperity survived when most governments in the developed world introduced legal sanctions to license pregnancies. Which was why robots, who were never hungry and did not consume resources beyond those of their first manufacture were so essential an economic link in the chain mail society.
I am not a toy!
Now we run!
Mommy? Will you die? Well, one day, David, yes, I will. I'll be alone. Don't worry yourself so. How long will you live? For ages. For 50 years. I love you, Mommy. I hope you never die. Never.
What's for dinner tonight? You know you don't eat. Yes. But I like sitting at the table.
It occurs to me with all this animus existing against Mechas today it isn't just a question of creating a robot that can love. Isn't the real conundrum, can you get a human to love them back? Ours will be a perfect child caught in a freezeframe. Always loving, never ill, never changing. With all the childless couples yearning in vain for a license our Mecha will not only open up a new market but fill a great human need. But you haven't answered my question. If a robot could genuinely love a person what responsibility does that person hold toward that Mecha in return? It's a moral question, isn't it? The oldest one of all. But in the beginning, didn't God create Adam to love him?
Are you in trouble? Have you run away from someone? My mother told me to run away. Why did she say that? I guess because Henry didn't like me. Why was that? Martin came home. After I find the Blue Fairy then I can go home. Mommy will love a real boy. The Blue Fairy will make me into one. Is Blue Fairy Mecha, Orga, man or woman? Woman. Woman? I know women! They sometimes ask for me by name. I know all about women. About as much as there is to know. No two are ever alike, And after they've met me, no two are ever the same. And I know where most of them can be found. Where? Rouge City. Across the Delaware. Too far for our feet. We'll need help to get there. And it's not without peril. We will have to journey towards the moon. Are there many women in Rouge City? As there are stars at night. How do we find just one? We will ask Dr. Know. There is nothing he doesn't. Exactly what name do you give this woman? She is just Blue Fairy. Blue Fairy. In the world of Orga, blue is the color of melancholy. Yet the services I provide will put a blush back on anyone's cheek. I will change the color of your fairy for you. She will scream out: "Oh, yes! Oh, God! Oh, yes! Oh, God! Oh, God!" She will make you a real boy for I will make her a real woman and all will be right with the world because you held my hand and saved my brain so that once again my customers my ask for me by name: "Gigolo Joe, whaddaya know?"
Miss Bevins, it's Joe, at your service. I've been counting the seconds since last we met. Have you been crying, Samantha? I found a tear. Hey Joe, what do you know? How many seconds has it been since the last time you two were together? 255.133. Goodbye, Sam, and never forget: you killed me first. I'm in bad trouble.
You won't understand the reasons but I have to leave you here. Is it a game? No. When will you come back for me? I'm not, David. You'll have to be here by yourself. Alone? With Teddy. No. No, no, no! No, Mommy, please! No, no. Please, Mommy. They would destroy you, David! I'm sorry I broke myself. I'm so sorry I cut your hair off. I'm sorry I hurt Martin. I have to go. I have to go! Stop it! I have to go now. Mommy, don't! Mommy, if Pinocchio became real and I become a real boy can I come home? That's just a story. But a story tells what happens. Stories are not real! You're not real! Now, look. Take this, alright? Don't let anyone see how much it is. Look. Don't go that way. Go anywhere but that way or they'll catch you. Don't ever let them catch you! Listen, stay away from Flesh Fairs, away from where there are lots of people. Stay away from all people. Only others like you, only Mecha are safe! Why do you want to leave me? Why? I'm sorry I'm not real. If you let me, I'll be so real for you! Let go, David! Let go! I'm sorry I didn't tell you about the world.
I'm afraid. Of me? Yes. That I will hurt you? Yes. I think... you're afraid of letting go. I think you're afraid of happiness. And this is starting to excite me. Are you afraid of seeing the stars, Patricia? I can show you how to reach them. I'm afraid of what you've got under there. May I see what it looks like first? Is this your first time... with something like me? I've never been with Mecha. That makes two of us. I'm afraid it will hurt. Patricia... once you've had a lover-robot you'll never want a real man again. Are these the wounds of passion? Do you hear that music? You... are a goddess, Patricia. You wind me up inside. But you deserve so much better in your life. You deserve... me.
Gigolo Joe, whaddaya know?
I do love you, you know. I have always loved you.
Come away O human child/ To the waters and the wild/ With a fairy hand in hand/ For the world's more full of weeping/ Than you can understand.
I am... I was.
I can never go to sleep... but I can lay quietly and not make a peep.
I can't accept this! There is no substitute for your own child!
I like your floor.
I never had a birthday.
In this day and age, David, nothing costs more than information.
Many a mecha has gone to the end of the world... never to come back! That is why they call the end of the world "MAN-hattan".
Mommy... I'm sorry I broke myself.
My brain is falling out.
My mommy doesn't hate me! Because I'm special! And unique! Because there's never been anyone like me before, ever! Mommy loves Martin because he is real, and when I am real Mommy's going to read to me and tuck me in my bed and sing to me and listen to what I say and she will cuddle with me and tell me every day a hundred times a day that she loves me!
My son was one of a kind. You're the first of a kind.
Please make me a real boy.
She loves what you do for her, as my customers love what it is I do for them. But she does not love you David, she cannot love you. You are neither flesh, nor blood. You are not a dog, a cat, or a canary. You were designed and built specific, like the rest of us. And you are alone now only because they tired of you, or replaced you with a younger model, or were displeased with something you said, or broke. They made us too smart, too quick, and too many. We are suffering for the mistakes they made because when the end comes, all that will be left is us. That's why they hate us, and that is why you must stay here, with me.
Starving minds, welcome to Dr. Know! Where fast food for thought is served up 24 hours a day, in 40,000 locations nationwide. Ask. Dr. Know - there's nothing I don't.
The greatest single human gift - the ability to chase down our dreams.
There are girls your age that are just like me. We are the guiltless pleasures of the lonely human being. You won't get us pregnant or have us to supper with mommy and daddy. We work under you, we work on you and we work for you. Man made us better at what we do than was ever humanly possible.
They hate us, you know... The humans. They'll stop at nothing.
When you become a real boy, remember me to the ladies when you grow up.
You are a real boy. At least as real as I've ever made one.
"Relatively soon, I will die. Maybe in 20 years, maybe tomorrow, it doesn't matter. Once I am dead and everyone who knew me dies too, it will be as though I never existed. What difference has my life made to anyone. None that I can think of. None at all."
"There was a time that I wouldve asked why."
Oh no, look who's with them. It's Queen Bitch of the Universe.
60 knots, no wave lines; the Reds don't have anything that fast.
Hippy, you think everything's a conspiracy. Everything is.
Linds, I want you to stay away from that guy. I mean it. The guy is gone. Did you see his hands? What? He's got the shakes? Look, he's operating on his own. He's cut off from his chain of command, he's showing signs of pressure-induced psychosis and he's got a nuclear weapon. So as a personal favor to me, will you try to put your tongue in neutral for a while?
So these guys are SEALs, huh? Eh, those guys ain't so tough. I fought guys plenty tougher'n them. So, is this where you tell us how you "coulda been a contender"?
What is all this stuff? Fluid breathing system. We just got them. You use it when you go really deep. How deep? Deep. How deep? It's classified.
You know, we got Russian subs creepin' around here; somethin' goes wrong they can say whatever they want happened. Relax, will ya? You're makin' the women nervous. Cute, Virgil.
Bud, how much oxygen you've left? About 5 minutes. Bud, if you drop all your ballast you can still make it... Gonna stay for a while... I knew this was a one-way trip.
Explorer, this is Cab 3, starting the descent along the umbilical. Roger that, Cab 3. Good luck. Luck is not a factor.
Hi, Brigman. Hi, Mrs. Brigman.
I had over four years invested in this project. Yeah, you only had three years invested in me. Well you have to have priorities.
There is something down there. Something not us. You could be more... specific. Something that zigs-- Not us! Not human. Get it? Something non-human, but intelligent. A non-terrestrial intelligence. A non-terrestrial intelligence! NTIs. Oh man, that's better than UFOs! Oh, but that works too, huh? "Underwater Flying Objects".
You know, you got some huevos bringin' that thing into my rig! With all that's going on up in the world, you bring a nuclear weapon IN HERE?! Mrs. Brigman... Does this strike anyone as particularly psychotic, or is it just me? Mrs. Brigman, you don't need to know the details of our operation. It's better if you don't. You're right! I don't need to know! What I need to know is that thing is off this rig! Do you hear me, Roger Ramjet?!
This tells us how much radiation we're getting? Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I ain't going near no radiation. No way. Aw, Hippy, you pussy. Well what good's the money six months later your dick drops off?
God, I hate that bitch. Probably shouldn't've married her, then, huh?
Bud, you know your hand is blue? Finler, why don't you just shut up put your gear on?
So, I can hear you, but I can't talk, right? The fluid prevents the larynx from making sound. It'll feel a little strange. Yeah, no shit.
Well, it's official, sports fans. They're calling it Hurricane Fredrick, and it's going to make our lives real interesting in a few hours. Fred, huh? I don't know, man, I think hurricanes should be named after women, don't you?
Hell, for triple time, I'd eat up Beany! Set me on fire and put me out with horse piss.
These guys are about as much fun as a tax audit.
Touchdown. Crowd goes wild.
See this? They used to call this "The Hammer".
Goddamn, you bitch, you never backed down from anything in your life! Now fight! Fight! Fight!
LOVE YOU WIFE.
Everybody just stay calm. The situation is under control.
Heeeeeeeeeeere's M.I.R.V.!
Huh. Damn rat's breathing that shit. That is no bullshit, hands down, the goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
I got to tell you, I give this whole thing a sphincter-factor of about 9.5.
I know how alone you feel... alone in all that cold blackness... but I'm there in the dark with you. Oh, Bud you're not alone. You remember that time, you were pretty drunk, you probably don't remember... but the power went out at the old apartment, the one on Orange Street... and we were staring at that one little candle, and I said something really dumb like that candle is me, like every one of us is out there alone in the dark in this life... and you just lit up another candle and put it beside mine and said "No, see? That's me. That's me..." And we stared at the two candles, and then we... well, if you remember any of it, I'm sure you remember the next part. Bud, there are two candles in the dark. I'm with you. I'll always be with you, Bud, I promise that.
It went straight for the warhead, and they think it's cute.
It's not easy being a cast-iron bitch. It takes discipline, years of training... A lot of people don't appreciate that.
Keep your pantyhose on.
Schoenick, your Lieutenant is about to make a real bad career move.
Sniff something? Well did ya, rat boy?
So raise your hand if you think that was a Russian water-tentacle.
This here's a bottomless pit, baby. Two and a half miles, straight down.
Triple-time sounded like a lot of money, Bud. It ain't.
Virgil, you wiener.
We all see what we want to see. Coffey looks and he sees Russians. He sees hate and fear. You have to look with better eyes than that.
We don't need them. We can't trust them. We may have to take steps. We're gonna have to take steps.
When it comes to the safety of these people, there's me and then there's God, understand?
When you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving your arms around.
'Cause we are SHIT heads now, and we'll be SHIT heads forever and nothing you say can do or stamp can take that away from us!
Let's start this fake college. Then we'll go start a meth lab somewhere. It's a gateway crime. That's how these things start.
It's so refreshing to have somebody approach education so rationally. Fuckin' A!
A bird in the hand, dude. A bird in the hands. That doesn't make any sense.
Oh yeah, Monica, this is Schrader. Oh yeah, I think we know each other. We were in math class together... I sat behind you, you know... all the way in back... yeah, I don't remember you either...
So you saying you wanna be a SHIT head? I wanna be a SHIT head.
We have a situation. I'm kinda busy right now, I'm in the middle of rush-- Ok, remember when we had to steal my mom's birth control pills? Yeah, and Lizzie was born. It's worse than that.
Oh, no! Ask me about my weiner! Ask me about my wiener-r-r-r-r-r! Schrader? Hey. Oh hey, B. And Monica. Why are you wearing that? Every brother of my fraternity has worn this suit. President James Garfield wore this suit like a gentleman! Oh yeah, and look what happened to him? He got assassinated by Charles Guiteau. Don't ask me how I know that. Listen, could you guys ask me about my weiner real quick? Schrader, no. Guys, this is important! My fraternity brothers could be watching me right now! Just ask me about my weiner, please! Why are you doing this? What do you mean? This, you're humiliating yourself, buddy. You know what, B? Don't mess with me, alright? These are the happiest times of my life right now! I've never been happier, I'm happy! Hey, ask me about my weiner!
In life, it's important to distinguish between need and want. You think you want something because you've been conditioned to want it. I want the pump! I don't got the pump. But look! I've got the Tim Dunkan Adidas Cool D's. I want the pump! Listen you insolent little snot! There are kids right now in Asia, who are sewing your stupid shoes together, so that their family can have a bowl of rice to eat tonight! This is the worst idea of all time. Your Uncle Ben used to be a genius. It'll be fine. What did you do? You're the one who emotionally crippled the kid. You know what? Maybe he's retarded. I'm glad my mother's DEAD! He's just having a bad day.
Mr. Lewis has not been teaching for over 20 years! He's a delinquent and a drunkard! Hey, asshole! You're talking about my mom's brother! Oh, sit down! Okay. So, is that it Mr. Gaines? You have one teacher for upwards of 300 students? Mr. Gaines! Answer the question! No, I'm not gonna answer your question, 'cause you guys have already made up your minds. I'm an expert in rejection, and I can see it on your faces. Just because you want us to be more like them, when we're not like them, and I am damn proud of that fact! I mean, Harmon College, and their 100 years of tradition, but tradition of what? Of, hazing kids, or humiliating anyone who's a little bit different? Or putting so much pressure on kids that they become these stress freaks and caffeine addicts? Your phony school demeans real colleges everywhere! Why? Why can't we both exist? You can have your grades, and your rules, and your structure and ivory towers, and then we'll do things our way. Why do we have to conform to what you want? Your curriculum is a joke, and you sir, are a criminal. No, you're the criminal, because you rob these kids of their creativity and their passion, that's the real crime! What about you parents? Did the system really work out for you? Did it teach you to follow, your heart, or roll over, play it safe? What about you guys? Did you always want to be school administrators? Dr. Alexander, was that your dream? Or no, maybe you wanted to be a poet, or a magician, or an artist. Maybe you just wanted to travel the world. Look, I lied to you, and I'm sorry, Dad, especially you. But out of that desperation, something so great happened. Because there are so few truths in this world, that when you see one, you know it, and I know that it is a truth that real learning took place at South Harmon. Whether you like it or not, it did. Because you don't need grades or rules or structure to really learn, you just need people with a desire to better themselves, and we got that by the shitload at South Harmon! So you can go ahead. Sign your forms. Reject us, shoot us down, do whatever you gotta do. It doesn't really matter at this point, because we'll never stop learning and we'll never forget the truths that were instilled in us at our place! Because we're S.H.I.T. Heads now, and we'll be S.H.I.T. Heads forever, and nothing you can say or do or stamp can take that away from us, so go!
Can you sign a copy of your book for me. I got it on Ebay. They sell my shit on Ebay? You wrote a book? Yeah, that was back when I was drinking.
Look what I did. Ugh, what are those? I call them Glen Wads. They contain every delicious flavor in every single bite. Try one. I'm not gonna lie to you, they look disgusting. This shit will get you high on flavor alone. Glen, I love your Wads.
Hey, guys. Don't go in there! That's breaking and entering. C'mon, Schrader, don't be scared. Scared? I'm not scared, you're scared. Schrader, you were afraid to taste the new flavor of Dr. Pepper. I told you that in confidence, Hands! Schrader you were afraid when your tooth fell out 'cuz you were terrified of the tooth fairy. That's actually a legitimate fear. She was rifling through my shit.
Hey, you wanted to fool your dad and the guy's not an idiot. And also, it was your idea to put acceptance letters as just "one click away". Yeah, you put it as "one click away", you don't make it clickable!
Ok, I'll give you anything you want, not money-related. Your Razor scooter. Ok. And a fake ID. No! I'm not letting you drink! It's so I can vote, dumb-ass. You need a Razor scooter to vote?
I got into Princeton! Hey, I think that guy got into Princeton. Oh really? What makes you say that?
Schrader, what the hell was that?! Well that's embarrasing. Are you kidding? It would be really cool if you guys didn't tell people I scream like that.
Alright, Schrader. What about you? Well, B, I'm glad you asked that, actually, cuz since we're going to prison, I want to learn how to carve a shank out of my toothbrush.
Later!
Yes! Yes! I want it! I want everything you guys have! I want Lilac shirts! I want visors kinda tilted to the side with hair gel coming out of it! I want to have sex with girls that look like this!
I told ya.
What are you!
A sandwich? Oh, you're the SHIT sandwiches!
It would be really cool if you guys didn't tell anyone I scream like that.
Is this a test?
An explosion of flavor. I'm working with some very unstable herbs.
Battle Royale!
Health insurance my ass! They don't pay for shit. You get sick on a Friday, they only pay from Monday through Thursday. You go to doctor A, they only pay for doctor B. You break your penis, they only fix vaginas!
Holy balls.
I don't want to be alone in here when the walls start to bleed.
I got fired by making a shrimp slushy. I was hungry and thristy at the same time.
I had it all planned! It was perfect B, perfect! And no it's nothing! Nada! It's a goose egg! College is for pussies!
I hope you guys have hobo stab insurance.
I may be a total idiot but that doesn't mean i can't vote democrat.
I need a rabbi in here to bless these chickens. Tomorrow, we're going kosher.
I want to learn how to blow shit up with my mind.
I'm gonna go enjoy my wad now, okay?
Legacy!
Listen guys, there are plenty of successful people who didn't go to college. Albert Einstein. You know? Pocahontas never went to college. Corey Feldman and Corey Haim; they had a great run. Both Lewis and Clark. Suzanne Somers. Bono.
Oh look, there's my old girlfriend Sarah Pelfann. You broke my heart!
Oh yeah, I do actually. I carry around a list with me at all times of abandoned buildings for fake colleges.
Some political crap, I got a 0 on my SAT's!
Sure, in "human" dollars.
That's a G chord... um, I use to play in a Cranberry's tribute band. We disbanded.
The "Roaring Twenties" is BKE's biggest party of the year and we're recreating the scene from "The Untouchables" where Hoyt, as Bobby De Niro, crushes my skull with a baseball bat.
This kitchen is bitchin'.
This place is awesome, now I can finally get hepatitis.
Want a Glen Wad?
We could have a Battle Royale!
What is education? It's paying attention, it's opening yourself up to this great big ball of shit that we call life, and what's the worst thing that can happen? You get bit in the ass! Well let me tell you, my ass looks like hamburger meat, but I can still sit down!
You date Monica Morlan? I think about her while I masturbate.
Hey, ask me about my wiener!
Great, the birthplace of crack.
Let me guess, you want me to sign a petition banning minorities from your yacht club. No?
We're all in the same boat here. I'm in the boat. You're in the water. Now let's see how you can swim.
Bad news sells best. Cause good news is no news.
How'd you like to make a thousand dollars a day, Mr. Boot? I'm a thousand-dollar-a-day newspaperman. You can have me for nothing.
I can handle big news and little news. And if there's no news, I'll go out and bite a dog.
I don't pray. Kneeling bags my nylons.
I've done a lot of lying in my time. I've lied to men who wear belts. I've lied to men who wear suspenders. But I'd never be so stupid as to lie to a man who wears both belt and suspenders.
I've met a lot of hard-boiled eggs in my time, but you - you're twenty minutes.
It's a good story today. Tomorrow, it'll be yesterday's news and they'll wrap a fish in it.
Assholimio... Osodomia... HOLY... Testicle Tuesday! What the hell is he doing here? I came to confess. I was the second gunman on the grassy knoll.
Excuse me! I'd like to ass you a few questions! This is not the time, Ace. If Einhorn comes down here and sees me talking to you or your ass, I'm history.
Good to see someone who doesn't buckle under the pressure. And what would you know about pressure? Well I have... kissed a man.
HDS, sir! And how are you this afternoon - al-righty then. I have a package for you. Sounds broken. Most likely sir. I bet it was something nice, though. Now, this is an insurance form; if you'll just sign here, here and here and print your name here and initial here, we'll get the rest of the forms out to you as soon as we can.
Hi, I'm looking for Ray Finkle... and a clean pair of shorts! What do you know about Ray Finkle? Soccer style kicker, graduated from Collier High June 1976, Stetson University honors graduate class of 1980, holds 2 NCAA Division One records, one for most points in a season, one for distance, former nickname "The Mule", the first and only pro-athlete to come out of Collier County, and one HELL of a model American. Are you another one of them Hard Copy guys? No, sir, I'm just a very big Finkle fan. This is my Graceland, sir!
Hey Ace, got anymore of that gum? That's none of your damn business and I'll thank you to stay out of my personal affairs. You're a weird guy, Ace. Weird guy.
Listen, pet dick. How would you like for me to make your life a living hell? Well, I'm not really ready for a relationship, Lois, but thank you for asking. Hey, maybe I'll give you a call sometime. Your number's still 9-1-1? Aaal-righty then.
The laces were in! They were IN!
Ventura! Yes, Satan? Oh, I'm sorry sir! You sounded like someone else.
It was all that Dan Marino's fault, everyone knows that. If he had held the ball, laces out, like he was supposed to, Ray would never have missed that kick. Dan Marino should die of gonorrhea and rot in hell. Would you like a cookie, son? Hmm, what do you know. They're little footballs. Laces out!
Who's he? Roger Podactor, meet Ace Ventura. He's our pet detective. Nice to meet you, you were highly recommened by Martha Mertz. Martha Mertz?... Oh, yeah, the bitch. What?! Pekingnese, hyperactive, lost in Highland Park area. She was half-dead when I found her. Is that the tank?
I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Ace. I'll have the plumbing checked immediately. Be sure that you do! If I'd been drinking out of the toilet, I might've been killed!
Who is he, a friend? No, this is... this is my date. He's a lawyer. Well, does he have a name, or should I call him "lawyer"? No, this is Ace... um, Tom Ace. Tom Ace. Pleasure to meet you Mr. Camp, and congratulations on all your success. You smell terrific! I was just telling Melissa that one of the first things we learned back at... Stanford Law... was the modern proliferation of food poisoning claims against wealthy private homeowners. In fact, if one were so inclined, one could make quite a lucrative law practice with little else. How is everyone feeling tonight? Very well, thank you. Oh! Look, honey, there's the "orderves".
Homicide, Ventura. Now how ya gonna solve that one? Good question, Aguado. First, I'd establish a motive. In this case the killer saw the size of the bug's DICK and became insanely jealous. Then I'd lose 30 pounds... PORKIN' his wife.
Do NOT go in there! WOOOO!
Captain's Log, stardate 23.9, rounded off to the... nearest decimal point. We've... traveled back in time to save an ancient species from... total annihilation. SO FAR... no... signs of aquatic life, but I'm GOING to find it. If I have to tear this universe another black hole, I'm going to find it. I've... GOT TO, MISTER!
Excuse me! I'd like to ass you a few questions!
I'm ready to go in, Coach, just give me a chance. I know there's a lot riding on it, but it's all psychological. Just gotta stay in a positive frame of mind. I'm going to execute a button-hook pattern, Super Slow-Mo. Lets see the instant replay!
Whew... now I feel better. 'Course, that might not do any good; you see nobody's missing a porpoise. It's a dolphin that's been taken. The common harbor porpoise has an abrupt snout, pointed teeth and a triangular thoracic fin, while the bottlenose dolphin, or Tursiops truncatus, has an elongated beak, round cone shaped teeth and a serrated dorsal appendage. But I'm sure you already knew that. That's what turns me on about 'cha, your attention to detail.
Ajuss can't do it Captain! I DON'T... HAVE... the POWER!
Einhorn is Finkle. Finkle is Einhorn. Einhorn is a man! Oh, my god! Einhorn is a man?!
For God's sake's, Jim, I'm a DOCTOR, not a POOL-MAN!
Hi, Captain Stubing. How are Gopher and Doc? Permission to come aboard sir?
Ho, ho, fiction can be fun! But I find the reference section much more enlightening. For instance, if you were to look up "Professional Football's All-Time Bonehead Plays", you might read about a Miami Dolphin kicker named Ray Finkle, who missed a twenty-six yard field goal in the closing seconds of Super Bowl Seventeen. What you WOULDN'T read about is how Ray Finkle lost his mind and was committed to a mental institute, only to escape and join the police force under the assumed identity of a missing hiker, seducing his way to the top in a diabolical plan to get even with Dan Marino whom he blamed for the ENTIRE THING!!!
I'm in Psychoville, and Finkle's the mayor.
If I'm not back in five minutes... just wait longer.
If the lieutenant is indeed a woman, as she claims to be, then, my friends, she is suffering from the worst case of hemorrhoids I HAVE EVER SEEN!! THAT'S why Roger Podacter is dead!! He found Captain Winky!!!
This is double-paned sound-proof glass. There is no way that neighbor could've heard Roger Podacter scream on the way down with that door shut. The scream she heard came from inside the apartment before he was thrown over the balcony and the murderer closed the door before he left. Yes! Yes! Oh, yeah! Can ya feel that, buddy?! Huh?! Huh?! Huh?! I have exorcised the demons. This house is clear. Losers? LOSERS! Leh-hoo. Zeh-hers!
Three fifty-one! Three fifty-one! Rover, SIT! HUT! HUT!
Warning: Assholes are closer than they appear.
Greenwall, hit the lights! The switch on the wall beside you! Go for it!... Flick it, QUICK! All-righty then, shall we go to jail?
I am yet to achieve omnipresent supergalactic oneness. No. Wait. There it is! You've just attained it. I have? Yes, just now. You are one! I can see it in your eyes. You're more one than anyone!
Mmm, this fruit paste is delicious, and the pottery is lovely. It's made from guano. Guano! Sounds so familiar... Bat droppings. Guano is their chief resource, they use it to made many things in the village. Yyyyyummay!
Okay, everything here seems good. Big load off my mind. You can speculate all you want but unless you check it out for yourself, you never know. We should head back now. Aren't you going to go investigate? There's no reason for anyone to go in there. Ever. I... sense it as a holy man. But I thought you said... IT'S DARK! I COULD FALL INTO A PRECIPICE! Here you go. Spank you, Helpy Helperton.
What type of bat are we talking about? The Great White Bat, of course. Corpuscular chiroptera? Yes, but to the natives... Shikaka. Shikaka. Shikakaaaa! Shikasha! Ahhh! Shhhish kabab. Shhhhhawshank Redemption. SHI-KAAAAGO! You're outta there! Go on, you're gone, go on.
Peanuts? Yes, I have one right here. It's bulky, but I consider it carry-on. Peanuts... Oh, I see!
Bumbawe Atuna... Bumbawe Atuna... Nice to meet you. Bumblebee tuna! Bumblebee tuna! Excuse me. Your balls are showing! Bumblebee tuna!
My name is Fulton Greenwall, and I am looking for an Ace Ventura. No man here... carries with him... a label... Oh yes. No names, how silly of me. Umm, he is an American. We are all children... of the same life force... Yes, well, he bends over and speaks from his rear. Oh, him. This way.
You must be very proud, Ace. Pride is an abomination! One must forego the self to obtain total spiritual creaminess, and avoid the chewy chunks of degradation.
What did he just say? I think he said that she is not a virgin... They can tell that!?
That is a dart of the Watchootoo shaman! The whattie whattun?
Equinsu... ocha!... What does equinsu ocha mean? "White Devil". Well, tell him I'm not. I only met you. How do I know?
Something wrong, Mr. Ventura? Of course not. This is a lovely room of death. Take care, now. Bye-bye, then.
Ace! He much better fighter than you. Doi!
Ah, there's the consolate! Oh. Thank God. Now if I can JUST find a parkin' spot! But don't you think we should slow down just a teensy-weensy bit?! Nonsense, poopy-pants! Like a glove!
Wachootoo Chief say, "You friend to Watchootoo." "But if curse of Shikaka not lifted by tomorrow sun at top of sky, Wachootoo kill all Wachati, and smash your head on a rock..." Super. Take care now, bye-bye then.
I'll meet you at the bottom. There's still one more thing I must do before I go... Isn't this incredible?! It's gonna be some kind of a record!! Everyone loves a Slinky, you gotta get a Slinky, Slinky, Slinky, go Slinky go! Awwwwww, MAN!! Can you believe it?! It was RIGHT there! Can I do it one more time? Forgive me, Mr. Ventura, but if we don't hurry now, we might miss the plane. Of course. How selfish of me. Let's do all the things that YOU wanna do.
"Wunderbar", he exclaimed with great relish.
DIE, DEVIL-BIRD!
That's what you slipped in! That's what was on your shoe! AND THAT EXPLAINS THE ABRASION ON YOUR PALM! DAMN, I'M GOOD!
SAY HELLO TO MY STINKY LITTLE FRIEND!!
Like a glove!
Lll-ii-k'a'gll-ove!
All right! This White Devil thing has gone far enough. NOBODY... MESSES... WITH THE DO!
I've never seen them act like that before. Denial can be an ugly thing.
I am now a holy man. I think of women as the mothers of our children. They are a sanctuary for the reproductive organs. A temple to house the miracle of procreation. Do you have a dollar?
All-righty, then.
Worry not, my brother. I will be as a fly on the wall. A grain of salt in the ocean. I shall slip amongst them like a transparent... thing.
Quite an auspicious dwelling for a filthy flying weasel.
Pleasure, Tinky. Corvus corax, common raven, smartest of all birds. Rare in these parts.
Can you feel that, huh, can ya feel it, Captain Compost?!
Like-a-glove!
Kooky.
Ree-hee-hee-HEE-HEE-HEE-HEE... EEEeeally?
Le-hew. Ze-her.
Gravy!
Funny, it didn't seem that painful when you were doing it to the horse.
You know... you can put somebody's eye out with that thing!
Aww, he wants to go off-road!
Awww, nobody wants to play with me!
Cadby! From the consulate, right? This is weird!
Do I have something in my teeth?
Do not pass go! Do not collect two hundred dollars!
Don't mind me, Mr. Quinn. I'm just a curious little rhino!
Friends! Rodents! Quadrupeds! Lend me your rears!
Guano bowls! Collect the whole set!
Guano! Hello? Does "poop" ring a bell? "Guano: mines as a source of nitrate, producing 84% of the world's supply in fertilizer, a $1.4 billion industy." THAT'S what this war is all about! You can't legally take possession of the caves as long as the Wachatis inhabit the area... and you want that dooky so bad, you can taste it!
Hey, what are ya, HR Shove-N-Stuff?
I had a dog, and his name was... BINGO!
I'll have you know that I have the reflexes of a cat and the speed of a mongoose. Throw it. I DARE YA!
If you were me, then I'd be you, and I'd use your body to get to the top! You can't stop me no matter who you are! LOSER! Leh-hew... zhe-her!
It is the mucus that binds us.
It's bulky, but I consider it carry-on.
It's lovely, but I fancy myself in autumn.
Kinda hot in these rhinos...
Let's go kick some... consolate butt!
Meeting with sinister types much? A-not "too much", a "much too much".
NONSENSE POOPYPANTSSS!!
Spank you very much!
TAKE THAT, YOU WINGED SPAWN OF SATAN!
That's quite a lovely rack you're wearing. Perhaps I could find you some fluffy new slippers made from the heads of innocent and defenseless baby seals!
The urine stain on your pants signifies that you are a single-shake man, far too busy for the follow-up jiggle.
There's... someone on the wing! Some... THING! I'm sorry, what were you saying?
Vhere iz zhe bat?
We love you, dark continent! Good night!
You know... gingivitis is the number one cause of all tooth decay.
Your request is not unlike your lower intestine: stinky, and loaded with danger.
... But a little fantastic and fleeting and out of reach. Then what happens? That's the end of the book. I wanted to present it simply without big character arcs or sensationalizing the story. I wanted to show flowers as God's miracles. I wanted to show that Orlean never saw the blooming ghost orchid. It was about disappointment.
I'm pathetic, I'm a loser. I have failed, I am panicked. I've sold out, I am worthless, I... What the fuck am I doing here? What the fuck am I doing here? Fuck. It is my weakness, my ultimate lack of conviction that brings me here. Easy answers used to shortcut yourself to success. And here I am because my jump into the abysmal well - isn't that just a risk one takes when attempting something new? I should leave here right now. I'll start over. I need to face this project head on and... and God help you if you use voice-over in your work, my friends. God help you. That's flaccid, sloppy writing. Any idiot can write a voice-over narration to explain the thoughts of a character.
Mr. McKee! I'm the guy you yelled at today. I need more.
The script I'm starting, it's about flowers. No one's ever done a movie about flowers before. So there are no guidelines... What about "Flowers for Algernon"? Well, that's not about flowers. And it's not a movie. Ok, I'm sorry, I never saw it.
I'm pitching my script today. Please don't say pitch.
I'm putting in a chase sequence. So the killer flees on horseback with the girl, the cop's after them on a motorcycle and it's like a battle between motors and horses, like technology vs. horse. And they're still all one person, right?
Listen, I need a cool way to kill people. Don't worry, for my script. I don't know that kind of stuff. Oh, come on, man, please? You're the genius. Here you go. The killer's a literature professor. He cuts off little chunks from his victims' bodies until they die. He calls himself "the deconstructionist".
Darling, I don't know what's come over you. You came all over me. My goodness.
Then one morning, I woke up and said, "Fuck fish." I renounce fish, I will never set foot in that ocean again. And there hasn't been a time where I have stuck so much as a toe back in that ocean. But why? Done with fish.
You know why I like plants? Nuh uh. Because they're so mutable. Adaptation is a profound process. Means you figure out how to thrive in the world. Yeah but it's easier for plants. I mean they have no memory. They just move on to whatever's next. With a person though, adapting almost shameful. It's like running away.
Nothing happens in the world? Are you out of your fucking mind? People are murdered every day. There's genocide, war, corruption. Every fucking day, somewhere in the world, somebody sacrifices his life to save someone else. Every fucking day, someone, somewhere makes a conscious decision to destroy someone else. People find love, people lose it. For Christ's sake, a child watches her mother beaten to death on the steps of a church. Someone goes hungry. Somebody else betrays his best friend for a woman. If you can't find that stuff in life, then you, my friend, don't know crap about life. And why the fuck are you wasting my two precious hours with your movie? I don't have any use for it. I don't have any bloody use for it. Ok, thank you.
I got shot. Isn't that fucked up?
Do I have an original thought in my head? My bald head. Maybe if I were happier my hair wouldn't be falling out. Life is short. I need to make the most of it. Today is the first day of the rest of my life. I'm a walking cliche. I really need to go to the doctor and have my leg checked. There's something wrong. A bump. The dentist called again. I'm way overdue. If I stop putting things off I would be happier. All I do is sit on my fat ass. If my ass wasn't fat I would be happier. I wouldn't have to wear these shirts with the tails out all the time. Like that's fooling anyone. Fat ass. I should start jogging again. Five miles a day. Really do it this time. Maybe rock climbing. I need to turn my life around. What do I need to do? I need to fall in love. I need to have a girlfriend. I need to read more. Improve myself. What if I learned Russian or something, or took up an instrument. I could speak Chinese. I'd be the screenwriter who speaks Chinese and plays the oboe. That would be cool. I should get my hair cut short. Stop trying to fool myself and everyone else into thinking I have a full head of hair. How pathetic is that. Just be real. Confident. Isn't that what women are attracted to? Men don't have to be attractive. But that's not true. Especially these days. Almost as much pressure on men as there is on women these days. Why should I be made to feel I have to apologize for my existence? Maybe it's my brain chemistry. Maybe that's what's wrong with me. Bad chemistry. All my problems and anxiety can be reduced to a chemical imbalance or some kind of misfiring synapses. I need to get help for that. But I'll still be ugly though. Nothing's going to change that.
I should have gone in. I'm such a chicken. I should have kissed her. I should go knock on her door and just kiss her. It would be romantic. It would be something we'd tell our kids about someday. I'm going to do that right now.
Change is not a choice.
Darkness descends, bad things happen.
I don't want to cram in sex or guns or car chases or characters learning profound life lessons or growing or coming to like each other or overcome obstacles to succeed in the end. The book isn't like that, and life isn't like that, it just isn't.
I love you too, you know.
I suppose I do have one unembarrassed passion. I want to know how it feels to care about something passionately.
I'll tell you a secret. The last act makes the film. Wow them in the end, and you've got a hit. You can have flaws, problems, but wow them in the end, and you've got a hit. Find an ending, but don't cheat, and don't you dare bring in a deus ex machina. Your characters must change, and the change must come from them. Do that, and you'll be fine.
I'm probably the smartest person I know.
It's over. Everything, I did everything wrong. I want my life back. I want it back before everything got fucked up. I want to be a baby again. I want to be new. I WANT TO BE NEW.
McKee says we all have to realize we write in a genre, so we must find originality within that genre. Did you know that there hasn't been a new genre since Fellini invented the mockumentary...? My genre's thriller, what's yours?
To begin... To begin... How to start? I'm hungry. I should get coffee. Coffee would help me think. Maybe I should write something first, then reward myself with coffee. Coffee and a muffin. So I need to establish the themes. Maybe a banana nut. That's a good muffin.
Today is the first day of the rest of my life.
What the hell do you need binoculars for?!
Who's gonna play me? I think I should play me.
You and I share the same DNA. Is there anything more lonely than that?
You are what you love, not what loves you, I decided that a long time ago.
2, 10, 11. Eyes, fingers, toes!
Three parts dynamite, with a nitroglycerin cap. It's perfect for small homes, carports and toolsheds.
Dinner's gonna be late. Here, boy! Here, boy!
Mr. Addams, I beleef I am understandink. I can help. Jais? Ze theory of displacement - is zis familiar? No. Tish? Oh! It is too exciting. I vill explain. Is it unpleasant? Deeply. Your very own bruzzer - you drive him avay. Go! Off viz you! But zen - you are feelink ze little black monster. Pugsley? Guilt! Jais! Your bruzzer returns, you feel guilty - you displace.
Love/hate, hate/love. Like for mama, no? But, I didn't hate my mother. It was an accident!
The human spirit, it is a very difficult thing to kill. Even with a chainsaw!
Is this made from real lemons? Yes. I only like all-natural foods and beverages, organically grown, with no preservatives. Are you sure they're real lemons? Yes. I'll tell you what. I'll buy a cup if you buy a box of my delicious Girl Scout cookies. Do we have a deal? Are they made from real Girl Scouts?
How long has it been since we waltzed? Oh, Gomez... hours.
Everyone keeps asking where he got his costume. It is a wonderful hat.
This is always so embarrassing. Why did I marry you? Because I said yes.
Children, what are you doing? I'm going to electrocute him. But we're late for the charity auction. But, Mother... I said no. Pleeaaaase? Oh, all right.
Gomez, let's go for a drive. The whole family. A drive? And miss "Gilligan"?
Margaret, about the seance tonight, I wish you'd come. It's Gomez. I'm terribly worried about him. He won't eat, he can't sleep, he keeps coughing up blood. He coughs up blood? Well, not like he used to.
Are they dead? Does it matter?
So, you say your son was kidnapped by voodoo witch doctors? Let's take a call. Hello, Sally? Mr. Addams, please, stop calling! We do not know where they meet!
Haven't you ever slaughtered anyone before? He's only a child. That's no excuse. Aim for a major artery. The jugular.
Please pass the salt. And what do we say? NOW.
Damn you, Addams! Sorry about the window, Judge. Keep the ball, I have a whole bucket full. You moron!
You remember that fateful night? Um... Your first cigar! What? Come on, old man, I've smoked since I was 5. Mother insisted.
Let's keep it! Hush, mama! It's for charity! Widows and orphans. We need more of them.
He looks so sweet. Looks just like a little entree.
Pugsley, sit in the chair. Why? ecause we're going to play a game. What game? It's called, "Is There a God?"
And our credo, "Sic gorgiamus allos subjectatos nunc" - "We gladly feast on those who would subdue us". Not just pretty words.
Don't torture yourself, Gomez. That's my job.
Gomez, last night - you were unhinged. You were like some desperate, howling demon. You frightened me. Do it again!
I'm a homicidal maniac, they look just like everyone else.
That's the spirit, Thing! Lend a hand!
They say she danced naked in the town square, and enslaved a minister! But don't worry. We told Wednesday, "college first".
They say that a man who represents himself in court has a fool for a client. And with God as my witness, I am that fool!
Thing, you're a handful.
We danced the Mamushka while Nero fiddled, we danced the Mamushka at Waterloo. We danced the Mamushka for Jack the Ripper, and now, Fester Addams, this Mamushka is for you.
Wednesday, play with your food!
Uncle Nick-Nack's winter wardrobe. Uncle Nick-Nack's summer wardrobe. Uncle Nick-Nack.
Come on, Berthold. GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME!!!! You're coming with us. No chance! Why not? I can't remember. You're not frightened, are you? That's it!
I'm Baron Munchausen! That sounds nasty. Is it contagious?
The Sultan is going to cut off my head. And? And?
Is there a doctor in the fish?
Have you any famous last words? Not yet. Not yet? Is that so famous?
What about the virgins? Sultan forget about the virgins! We're out of virgins?
Cogito ergo est. I think, therefore you is.
And that was only one of the many occasions on which I met my death, an experience which I don't hesitate to strongly recommend.
Reality? Your "reality", sir, is lies and balderdash, and I'm delighted to say that I have no grasp of it whatsoever.
Trust me, madam. Your underwear is in good hands.
And I further banish from my realm all injustices and oppressions which have burdened my people. And I pray that under my rule, Normans and Saxons alike will share the rights of Englishmen.
What can a Saxon hedge robber know of charm - or ladies?
From this day on, I'll follow only you. Why there isn't a poor Saxon in all of Nottinghamshire that doesn't know and bless Sir Robin of Locksley. Take me as your servant. Why in all the forest, there isn't a hunter as good as me. I ask no pay, just to follow you.
One of us? He looks like three of us.
And what about you Robin? My sword is yours, Sire, now and always. Is there nothing England's King can grant the outlaw who showed him his duty to his country? Yes, your majesty. A pardon for the men of Sherwood. Granted with all my heart. But is there nothing for yourself? There's but one thing else, Sire. And do you too wish...? More than anything in the world, Sire. Kneel Robin Hood. Arise Baron of Locksley, Earl of Sherwood and Nottingham, and Lord of all the lands and manors appertaining thereto. My first command to you, my Lord Earl, is to take in marriage the hand of the Lady Marian. What say you to that, Baron of Locksley? May I obey all your commands with equal pleasure, Sire!
He's well named Friar Tuck. It would take half the deer in Sherwood Forest to fill that cabin. And twice that to fill your empty head!
But you've taken Norman lives. Yes, those that deserved it, cruel and unjust. You're a strange man. Strange? Because I can feel for beaten, helpless people? No. You're strange because you want to do something about it. You're willing to defy Sir Guy, even Prince John himself, to risk your own life. And one of those men was a Norman! Norman or Saxon, what's that matter? It's injustice I hate, not the Normans. But it's lost you your rank, your lands. It's made you a hunted outlaw when you might have lived in comfort and security. What's your reward for all this? Reward? Just don't understand do you? I'm sorry. I do begin to see... a little... now. You do? Then that's reward enough.
He is different from anyone I've ever known. He's, well he's brave and he's reckless, and yet he's... gentle and kind. He's not brutal like... tell me, when you are in love, is it, well, is it hard to think of anybody but, but one person? Yes, indeed my lady, and sometimes it's a bit of trouble sleeping. I know, but it's a nice kind of not sleeping. And it affects your appetite too. Not that I've noticed it's done that to you, except when he was in the dungeon waiting to be hanged. And does it make you want to be with him all the time? Yes, and when he's with you, your legs are as weak as water. Tell me, my lady. When he looks at you, do you feel a kind of prickly feeling like goosy pimples running all up and down your spine?... Then there's not a doubt of it. Doubt of what? That you're in love.
Any more objections to the new tax from our Saxon friends? Objections your Highness? With a Saxon dangling from every gallows tree...? Well said... but not too many mind, else we'll have nobody left to till our land or pay the tax.
Bring Sir Robin food! At once do you hear. Such impudence must support a mighty appetite. True enough, your Highness. We Saxons have little to fatten on by the time your tax gatherers are through. Do you feel you are overtaxed? Overtaxed, overworked and paid off with a knife, a club or a rope. Why, you speak treason! Fluently. I'd advise you to curb that wagging tongue of yours! It's a habit I haven't yet formed, your grace.
Was it worthwhile, coming with me from London to see what stout fellows our Nottingham friends are? Take Sir Guy. He's from London, one of our most renowned defenders of the realm. Must I take him, your Highness? Why, you like him, don't you? Well, he's a Norman, of course. Is that the only reason for liking him? Isn't that reason enough for a royal ward...? Nay, I'll not force you, my lady. But he's our most powerful friend in these shires. And he's already in love with you. If I could promise him marriage to a royal ward, it might help my plans. Perhaps when I know him better. Of course. You're a very wise young woman.
What else do you call a man who takes advantage of the King's misfortune to seize his power? Now, with the help of a sweet band of cutthroats, you'll try to grind a ransom for him out of every helpless Saxon, a ransom that will be used not to release Richard but to buy your way to the throne. Let me ram those words down his throat, your Highness! Oh no. Later. Let him spout for a moment. And what do you propose to do? I'll organize a revolt, exact a death for a death, and I'll never rest until every Saxon in this shire can stand up free men, and strike a blow for Richard and England. Have you finished? I'm only just beginning. From this night on, I'll use every means in my power to fight you!
Are you really interested in learning why I turned outlaw? Or are you afraid of the truth, or of me perhaps? I am afraid of nothing, least of all you.
Did I upset your plans? You've come to Nottingham once too often. When this is over my friend, there'll be no need for me to come again.
I couldn't help overhearing about that "prickly feeling". I'm very glad I did come. That, that was a game. Now you've got to go at once. Game, eh? Well, couldn't I join in? Of course, I probably wouldn't be as good at it as, uh, this pretty young girl. I could do my best. Bess, will you leave us? Please. Now let's see, where does this game begin? Oh, I know. It's simple. We'll start where you are in love with me. You are, aren't you? Because I am with you. Terribly. That's why I came. I had to see you. You must go at once and I don't love you. Oh! You sure? Yes. Very well then, I'll go. This is rather unfriendly of you, exposing me to my enemies like this... Goodbye my lady. Robin! Yes? Please. Then you do love me, don't you? Don't you? You know I do. Well, that's different. You know you're very impudent. Me? You are. And when my real guardian King Richard finds out about your being in love with me... I know, he'll make me court jester. He won't. He'll stick your funny head on London's Gate. A very fine decoration it will be, my bold Norman beauty. I'm not bold. But you're a Norman... And you are a beauty. You are the most beautiful... And you're leaving here at once. Please darling! Every minute you're here, you're in danger. I know... Marian, will you come with me? To Sherwood? I've nothing to offer you but a life of hardship and danger. But we'd be together. But, Robin, dear. I know. It's asking a lot. But who knows how long it will be before Richard returns. Friar Tuck would marry us. Will you? Because I love you Robin, I'd come. Even the danger would mean nothing if you were with me. Then you will. No... I could help much more by watching for treachery here and leaving you free to protect Richard's people until he returns. Now do you see why you have to go back to your men alone? Go now quickly, dearest.
To them, this is heaven. Silks for rags. Kindness instead of riches. Limitless food instead of hunger. Why, they're actually happy! Are they? Aren't you even a little pleased to see them enjoying themselves? I think it's revolting. Ha. Your life's been very sheltered, hasn't it, Marian? Too sheltered perhaps. But if you could know these people as I know them, their infinite patience, loyalty, goodness... To the tables, everybody, and stuff yourselves! I'm afraid the company has spoiled my appetite.
Don't you know that it's death to kill the King's deer? Yes, and death from hunger if I don't, thanks to you and the rest of you Norman cutthroats at Nottingham Castle... You can beat and starve our Saxons now, but when King Richard escapes, he'll take you by the scruff of the neck and fling you into the sea.
Not only has she consorted with this Saxon rebel, found guilty of outlawry, theft, murder, abduction, and high treason, but she has betrayed her own Norman people. Are you not ashamed my Lady Marian? Yes, I am, bitterly, but it's the shame that I'm a Norman, after seeing the things my fellow countrymen have done to England. At first, I wouldn't believe. Because I was a Norman, I wouldn't let myself believe that the horrors you inflicted on the Saxons were just and right. I know now why you tried so hard to kill this outlaw whom you despise. It's because he was the one man in England who protected the helpless against a lot of beasts who were drunk on human blood. And now you intend to murder your own brother. You'll be sorry you interfered. Sorry? I'd do it again if you killed me for it. A prophetic speech, my lady, for that is exactly what is going to happen to you. You wouldn't dare. I'm the royal ward of King Richard and no one but the King himself has the right to condemn me to death. You are quite right, my dear. And it shall be a King. I will order your execution for high treason exactly forty-eight hours from now. Take her away.
Hanging would be a small price to pay for the company of such a charming lady.
He's a reckless rogue who goes around the shires stirring up the Saxons against authority, and he has the insolence to set himself up as the protector of the people.
I'll have him dangling in a week.
That you, the freemen of this forest, swear to despoil the rich only to give to the poor, to shelter the old and the helpless, to protect all women rich or poor, Norman or Saxon. Swear to fight for a free England. To protect her loyally until the return of our King and sovereign Richard the Lion Heart. And swear to fight to the death against our oppressors!
I wanted to see what you were made of... and I did.
What a pity her manners don't match her looks, Your Highness.
But Prince John's reign became even more murderous. Terror spread among the helpless Saxons who knew that resistance meant death. Soon death became preferable to oppression and the defiant oath became more than a thing of words.
His task was here at home defending his own people instead of deserting them to fight in foreign lands... I'll condemn anything that leaves the task of holding England for Richard to outlaws like me.
I've called you here as freeborn Englishmen, loyal to our king. While he reigned over us, we lived in peace. But since Prince John has seized the regency, Guy of Gisbourne and the rest of his traitors have murdered and pillaged. You've all suffered from their cruelty - the ear loppings, the beatings, the blindings with hot irons, the burning of our farms and homes, the mistreatment of our women. It's time to put an end to this! Now, this forest is wide. It can shelter and clothe and feed a band of good, determined men - good swordsmen, good archers, good fighters. Men, if you're willing to fight for our people, I want you! Are you with me?
In the year of Our Lord 1191, when Richard, the Lion-Heart, set forth to drive the infidels from the Holy Land, he gave the Regency of his Kingdom to his trusted friend, Longchamp, instead of to his treacherous brother, Prince John. Bitterly resentful, John hoped for some disaster to befall Richard so that he, with the help of the Norman barons, might seize the throne for himself.
Let him approach... By my faith, but you're a bold rascal. Robin. I like you.
Richard must be found. He must be found and brought here to safety... Don't rest, day or night, any of you, until he's found.
Well, this is what we Normans like - good food, good company, and a beautiful woman to flatter me.
You're very charming, Lady Marian, but not exactly clever.
"What an absurd idea!" Lady, you got ten absurd ideas for my one.
What kind of craziness is this? Aw come on, Captain, it'll only take a minute, and it'll mean such a lot to the lady. Very well, if you wish it absolutely. What are the names again? Charles. Rosie. Rose. Do you, Charles, take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife? Yes, sir. Do you, Rose, take this man to be your lawful wedded husband? I do. By the authority vested in me by Kaiser Wilhelm II, I pronounce you man and wife. Proceed with the execution.
I don't blame you for being scared, Miss, not one little bit. Ain't no person in their right mind ain't scared of white water. I never dreamed that any mere physical experience could be so stimulating. How's that, Miss? I've only known such excitement a few times before - a few times in my dear brother's sermons when the spirit was really upon him. You mean you want to go on? Naturally. Miss, you're crazy. I beg your pardon. You know what would have happened if we would have come up against one of them rocks? But we didn't. I must say I'm filled with admiration for your skill, Mr. Allnut. Do you suppose I'll try practice steering a bit that someday I might try? I can hardly wait... Now that I've had a taste of it. I don't wonder you love boating, Mr. Allnut.
Rapids. A hundred miles of water like it was coming out of a fire hose. And after that, why, the rivers even got a different name. It's called the Bora. That goes to show ya. They didn't even know it was the same river until this fella Spengler got... He got down it, I remember. Well, yes, Miss, in a dugout canoe. He had a half a dozen Swahili paddlers. Map makin' he was. That was his map you was looking at. Mr. Allnut?... What did you say is in these boxes with the red lines on them? Well them? That's blastin' gelatine, Miss. Is it dangerous? Bless you, no, Miss. That's safety stuff, that is. You can get it wet and it don't do it any harm. You set fire to it and it just burns. You can hit it with a hammer and it won't go off - at least I don't think it will. It takes a detonator to set it off. I'll put it over the side, though, if it worries you. No, we may want it. Mr. Allnut?... What are these long, round, torpedo-like things? Oh them? Them's oxygen and hydrogen cylinders, Miss. Mr. Allnut? I'm still right here, Miss. There ain't much of any other place I could be on a thirty-foot boat, ha, ha, ha. You're a machinist, aren't you? I mean, wasn't that your position at the mine? Yes, a kind of a fixer. A jack of all trades, a master of none, like they say. Could you make a torpedo? How's that, Miss? Could you make a torpedo? A torpedo?... You don't really know what you're askin'. You see, there ain't nothin' so complicated as the inside of a torpedo. It's got gyroscopes, compressed air chambers, compensating cylinders... But all those things, those gyroscopes and things, they're only to make it go, aren't they? Yeah. Yeah, go and hit what it's aimed at. Well, we've got The African Queen. How's that, Miss? If we were to fill those cylinders with that blasting gelatine and then fix them so that they would stick out over the end of the boat, and then run the boat against the side of a ship, they would go off just like a torpedo, wouldn't they?... We could, what do you call it, get a good head of steam up, and then point the launch toward a ship and just before she hits, we could dive off. Couldn't we? There's only one little thing wrong with your idea. There ain't nothin' to torpedo. Oh yes there is. There's what? Something to torpedo. What's that? The Louisa. The Louisa! Oh now, don't talk silly, Miss. You can't do that. Honest you can't. I told you before, we can't get down the Ulanga! Spengler did. In a canoe, Miss. If a German did it, we can do it, too. Not in no launch, Miss. How do you know? You've never tried it. I never tried shooting myself in the head, neither. The trouble with you, Miss, is, you, you don't know anything about boats! In other words, you are refusing to help your country in her hour of need, Mr. Allnut? All right, Miss, have it your own way. But don't blame me for what happened.
So far so good. Here we are safe and sound, as you might say. The question is, "What next?" Quite. We've got heaps of grubs here, Miss. We're all right as far as that goes. 2,000 cigarettes, 2 cases of gin. Ha, ha. We could stay here for months if we wanted to. It's not a bad place to sit out a war... All the comforts of home including running water. We simply can't remain here in this backwater until the war is over, Mr. Allnut. Can't we, Miss? You got the map. Show me a way out and I'll take it. The British will certainly launch an attack. The only question is which way will they come.
Uh, how's the Book, Miss? Well, not that I ain't read it, that is to say, my poor old Mum used to read me stories out of it. How's about reading it out loud? I could sure do with a little spiritual comfort myself. And you call yourself a Christian! Do you hear me? Don't ya? Don't ya? Huh? What ya being so mean for, Miss? A man takes a drop too much once and a while, it's only human nature. Nature, Mr. Allnut, is what we are put in this world to rise above. Miss, I'm sorry. I apologize. What more can a man do than say he's sorry, huh? You done paid me back, Miss. You didn't even leave me a drop. Miss, have a heart. Fair is fair. You gotta say somethin', I don't care what it is, but you gotta say something. I'll be honest with ya, Miss. I, I just can't stand no more of this. I-I just ain't used to it, that's all. So you think it was your nasty drunkenness I minded. Well, what else? You promised you'd go down the river. Miss. Listen to me and try to understand. There's death a dozen times over down the river. I'm sorry to disappoint ya, but don't blame me. Blame the Ulanga. You promised. Well, I'm taking my promise back. All right, Miss. You win. As the crocodiles will be glad to hear, "Down the river we go." Have some breakfast, Mr. Allnut... Or no. Get up steam. Breakfast can wait. Waiting for their supper, Miss. Don't be worried, Mr. Allnut. Oh, I ain't worried, Miss. Gave myself up for dead back where we started.
We're finished. I know it. I'm not one bit sorry I came. What I mean is, it was worth it. Dear Lord, we've come to the end of our journey. In a little while, we will stand before You. I pray for You to be merciful. Judge us not for our weakness but for our love, and open the doors of heaven for Charlie and me.
Well, what do you think... you all right, Mrs. Allnut? Wonderful, simply wonderful. And you, Mr. Allnut? Pretty good, for an old married man. I'm all twisted around, Charlie. Which way is the east shore? The way we're swimming toward, old girl.
What happened? We did it, Charlie, we did it! But how?
What harm could anyone do the Germans in this god-forsaken place? God has not forsaken this place, Mr. Allnut, as my brother's presence here bears witness. Oh, no offense, Miss. War. Yeah, yeah it looks like it.
Do you recognize these flowers, Mr. Allnut? Huh? I've never seen them before. Well, I can't say as I have either. Perhaps no one has. I don't suppose they even have a name. Whether they have or not, they sure are pretty.
Then you think we can do it? Do it? Of course we can do it! Nothin' a man can't do if he believes in himself. Never say die, that's my motto. I've had misgivings. I was beginning to think that the whole thing was a mistake... I had a moment of weakness. Oh, if you're feeling weak, a day or two more here won't make any difference. Oh no. We'll go on. Thank heaven for your strength, Charlie.
This air! Isn't it wonderful? Yeah, it's like - I know you don't approve, but it's like a shot of gin. It makes your blood race, your face numb and your spirits soar.
Who do you think you are ordering me about? I'm the captain that's who! And I'm ain't taking you along. You'd only be in my way. I suppose I was in your way going down the rapids. Then what you said to me back there on the river was a lie about how you never could have done it alone and how you lost your heart and everything. You liar! Oh, Charlie, we're having our first quarrel. All right. It'll be you at the tiller and me at the engine, just like it was from the start.
Not comely among the maidens, but she too can be a servant in the House of the Lord. Even for such as she, God has a goodly purpose.
She ought to look her best, representing as she does the Royal Navy.
Dear. What is your first name?
I shall hang you twice, I think.
The court sentences you to death by hanging. Sentence to be carried out immediately.
Oh, Miss. Oh, have pity, Miss. You don't know what you're doing Miss. I'll perish without a hair of the dog. Oh Miss, it ain't your property.
Would you hang us together, please?
A good shepherd doesn't desert his flock when the wolves are prowling. We must ask the Almighty to bless the arms of England to carry her through her hour of triumph.
Ah, it's a great thing to have a lady aboard with clean habits. It sets the man a good example. A man alone, he gets to living like a hog. Then, too, with me, it's always: "Put things off. Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow." But with you: "Business before pleasure." Every time. Do all your personal laundry, make yourself spic and span, get all the mending out of the way and then - and only then - sit down for a nice quiet hour with the Good Book. I tell you, it's a model - like an inspiration. Why, I ain't had this old engine so clean in years, inside and out. Just look at her, Miss. She actually practically sparkles. Myself, too. Guess you ain't never had a look at me without my whiskers and all cleaned up. I bet you wouldn't hardly recognize me, works that much of a change. Freshens you up, too. If I only had some clean clothes, like you. Now you - why you could be at high tea. Say, that's an idea, Miss. How's about a nice little cup of tea? Now don't you stir, I'll be glad to make it for you.
Are you cracked? The currents down there are fierce. I don't want a drowned woman on my hands. What will you be thinking of next?
By the power vested in me by Kaiser Wilhelm II, I pronounce you man and wife. Carry on with the execution.
I saw a Masai native working once using charcoal on a big hollowed stone - he had a boy to fan the charcoal... We'll have to make a new blade, then. There's lots of iron and stuff that you could use... wouldn't it be better to weld it on?
If there's anything in the world I hate, it's leeches - filthy little devils!
Just listen to this stomach of mine. Way it sounds, you'd think I had a hyena inside me... Ain't a thing I can do about it.
Kickin' it starts it workin' again. I gotta act fast 'cause one of my boys dropped a screwdriver down the safety valve... If I was to let the engine die goin' down the rapid, we'd be goners... You know, I'm gonna do that one of these days. The only reason I ain't done it up to now is that I kinda like kickin' it. She's all I've got.
Ooooh! Coward yourself! You ain't no lady. No, Miss. That's what my poor old Mother would say to you, if my poor old Mother was to hear you. Whose boat is this, anyway? I asked you on board 'cause I was sorry for you on account of your losing your brother and all. What you get for feeling sorry for people! Well, I ain't sorry no more, you crazy, psalm-singing, skinny old maid!
Pinch me, Rosie. Here we are, going down the river like Anthony and Cleopatra on that barge! I'll never forget the way you looked going over the falls - head up, chin out, hair blowing in the wind - the living picture of a hero-eyne!
There ain't nobody in Africa except yours truly who can get up a good head of steam on the old African Queen.
What a time we've had, Rosie. What a time. We'll never lack for stories to tell our grandchildren, will we?
What I said about having to get out and carry this old boat was meant to be a joke. It don't look like a joke now.
You're the bravest man that ever lived.
Where is Gina, mama? On the street. You mean my sister is a-- BINGO.
Who is in the car? Marlon Brando's nose.
No matter how fast you run, you cannot run away from yourself. Brilliant!
Sophia, hello my darling... no, Sophia, I told you I'm busy with Tony Powell... I'm sorry, Sophia, you will have to get somebody else. Sophia - I'm sorry my darling, there's no part for you in the picture... Would I lie to you? So-Soph-Sophia don't cry! Tony, talk to this girl, she's hysterical, she's hysterical. Talk to her, please. Hello, Sophia? - she hung up. She'll kill me, she'll kill me. It'll be in all the Italian newspapers!
Tony plays the Fox. An animal picture?
Ooh, he's a good kisser. You know how many good kissers are starving in Italy?
That's him, Tony Powell. We saw him at the Excelsior. Why isn't he fat? It's an old picture.
Can I see a script!? In here is my script, in here is my story.
I must talk to you. Who's talking, you or him?
How many people in the world over 40 can still say they have their own teeth, huh? How many people in the world over 50 can still say they're only 40?!
What's neo-realism? No money.
Arrgh... If only I could steal enough to become an honest man!
I could say "Good Morning". That wouldn't be acting, because I always say "Good morning".
More sand in the desert!
Stop! Stop! Cut! Cut! Shame on you, Sevalio! You are a disgrace to your village and to the motion picture industry!
What picture?! WHAT PICTURE!?
Where is he? Where is my Tony!? Where is my beautiful Tony? Look at that skin-like a baby. Whatsa matter, you never get old like the rest of us, eh? I love him, I LOVE him!
I knew you'd come. That shows you wanted me to.
I think we should look at reality, not dreams. I just want us to be together! I can't be your wife, Newland! Is it your idea that I should live with you as a mistress? I want... Somehow, I want to get away with you... and... and find a world where words like that don't exist!
Is fashion such a serious consideration? Among those who have nothing more serious to consider.
Is New York such a labyrinth? I thought it was all straight up and down like Fifth Avenue. All the cross streets numbered and big honest labels on everything. Everything is labeled, but everybody is not. Then I must count on you for warnings too.
Honest? Isn't that why you admire Julius Beauford? He was more honest than the rest of us, wasn't he, we've got no character, no color, no variety. I wonder why you just don't go back to Europe. I believe that's because of you.
We should travel everywhere. But not Naples. Doctor Bencomb says there is fever there.
You gave me my first glimpse of a real life. Then you asked me to go on with the false one. No one can endure it. I'm enduring it.
How can we be happy behind the backs of people who trust us?
Newland, you couldn't be happy if it meant being cruel. If we act any other way, I'll be making you act against what I love in you most. And I can't go back to that way of thinking. Don't you see! I can't love you unless I give you up.
You are a monster, and my father is a great man. You're nothing like my father.
Okay, boys, give me some room. I've just been ordered to fire on Air Force One.
Nobody does this to the United States. The President will get back his baseball glove and play catch with this guy's balls!
Liberty Two-Four is changing call signs! Liberty Two-Four is now Air Force One!
I'm 12 years old, Dad. In the caveman days I'd be having children of my own. That's what we call progress, young lady.
Mr. President, the Russian news crew is with us. I told them you'd give them a sound bite about life in the White House. There is no life in the White House.
I understand that Air Force One can refuel in midair. Well, we need fuel, and we need it now. I'm sure we can come to some kind of arrangement. If you land the plane, we'll trade fuel for hostages. This is bullshit! It's simple physics. Without fuel, the plane crashes, everybody dies! We're trying to do everything we can. Tell me what I want to hear or I will execute a member of the senior staff and continue killing one hostage every minute until the plane crashes, or refueling plane arrives! Well, what do you say? Fuel's on its way. Thank you.
Sir, pull up! You've got one on your tail. Well, get him off my tail! Missile away. Air Force One. Break left and climb! Sir, we've lost countermeasures! This is Halo-2. They've lost countermeasures. I'm going in.
She couldn't stay your little girl forever, Jim. I know, but I was hoping she could wait until she was 14 or 15... or 50.
Did you hear my speech? Yeah. Yeah? You're gonna get yourself re-elected. That's what I keep telling them.
How far away are those MIGs? Never mind.
I trusted you with my life! So will the next president!
Kathryn, if you give a mouse a cookie... He's gonna want a glass of milk.
What are your intentions? What arrogance... to think you could ever understand my intentions.
My God! Is he saying what I think he's saying? If we're going to act, we have to act now. It's too risky. The president is up there with a gun to his head! He's asking us to do that to Air Force One? He's not asking. Your Commander-in-Chief has issued a direct order. Do it!
Get off my plane!
I'm counting on you, red, white, and blue.
If this works, you get to be Postmaster General.
Never again will I allow our political self-interest to deter us from doing what we know to be morally right. Atrocity and terror are not political weapons, and to those who would use them, your day is over. We will never negotiate. We will no longer tolerate and we will no longer be afraid. It's your turn to be afraid.
Peace isn't merely the absence of conflict, but the presence of justice.
The dead remember our indifference. The dead remember our silence.
The President is safe, but then you must know that. He ran from here like a whipped dog. I'm sure you can't wait for him to get back to making the decisions so you can stop sweating through that silk blouse of yours.
The truth is, we acted too late. Only when our own national security was threatened, did we act.
When you talk to the President, you might remind him that I am holding his wife, his daughter, his chief of staff, his national security advisor, his classified papers, AND his baseball glove!
You, who murdered a hundred thousand Iraqis to save a nickel on a gallon of gas, are going to lecture me about the rules of war?! Don't!
Your national security advisor has just been executed. He's a very good negotiator. He bought you another half-hour.
You ever been in a cockpit before? No sir, I've never been up in a plane before. You ever... seen a grown man naked?
Captain, maybe we ought to turn on the search lights now. No... that's just what they'll be expecting us to do.
You'd better tell the Captain we've got to land as soon as we can, this woman has to be gotten to a hospital... A hospital! What is it? It's a big building with patients and doctors and nurses but that's not important right now.
Ted! What are you doing here! You can't fly this plane! That's what I've been trying to tell these people!
Would you like something to read? Do you have anything light? Uhh... how about this leaflet, Famous Jewish Sports Legends?
You got a telegram from headquarters today. Headquarters? What is it? Well, it's a big building where generals meet. But that's not important right now.
Wait a minute! I know you. You're Kareem Abdul-Jabar. You played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers. I'm sorry son, but you must have me confused with some-one else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot. You are Kareem! I've seen you play. My dad's got season tickets. I think you should go back to your seat now Joey. Right Clarence? Nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, he's not bothering anyone, let him stay here. But just remember, my name is ROGER MURDOCK. I'm an airline pilot. I think you're the greatest, but my dad says you don't work hard enough on defence. And he says that lots of times, you don't even run down court. And that you don't really try... except during the playoffs. The hell I don't!! LISTEN KID! I've been hearing that crap ever since I was at UCLA. I'm out there busting my buns every night. Tell your old man to drag Walton and Lanier up and down the court for 48 minutes.
How's it handling? Sluggish, like a wet sponge. Sluggish, like a wet sponge. It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts. It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.
The white zone is for immediate loading and unloading of passengers only. There is no stopping in a red zone. The white zone is for immediate loading and unloading of passengers only. There is no stopping in a red zone. The red zone is for immediate loading and unloading of passengers only. There is no stopping in a white zone. No, the white zone is for loading. Now, there is no stopping in a RED zone. The red zone has always been for loading. Don't you tell me which zone is for loading, and which zone is for unloading. Look Betty, don't start up with your white zone shit again. There's just no stopping in a white zone. Oh really, Vernon? Why pretend, we both know perfectly well what this is about. You want me to have an abortion. It's really the only sensible thing to do. If its done safely, therapeutically, there's no danger involved.
Johnny, what can you make outta this? This? Why I could make a hat, or a brooch, a pterodactyl...
I want the best available man on this, a man who knows that plane inside and out and won't crack under pressure. How 'bout Mr. Rogers?
Do you want me to check the weather, Clarence? No, why don't you take care of it.
Nervous? Yes. First time? No, I've been nervous lots of times. My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow, we're bombing the storage depots at Daiquiri at 18:00 hours. We're coming in from the North, below their radar. When will you be back? I can't tell you that. It's classified.
Bad news, the fog's getting thicker... And Leon's getting LAAAAAAAAARRRRGEEEEEEERRRRRRRR!!
Excuse me sir, there's been a little problem in the cockpit... The cockpit... what is it? It's the little room in the front of the plane where the pilots sit, but that's not important right now.
What kind of plane is it? Oh it's a big pretty white plane with red stripes, curtains in the window and wheels. It looks like a big Tylenol.
Captain, how soon can you land? I can't tell. You can tell me, I'm a doctor. No, I mean I'm just not sure. Well, can't you take a guess? Well, not for another two hours. You can't take a guess for another two hours?
Elaine, you're a member of this crew. Can you face a few unpleasant facts? No. Alright. If we don't get this plane down soon, I can't even be sure of saving their lives.
What flying experience have you had? I flew single engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying... altogether. "It's an entirely different kind of flying."
What was it we had for dinner tonight? Well, we had a choice, steak or fish. Yes, yes, I remember, I had lasagna.
Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! Mayday? What the hell is that for? Mayday? Why that's the Russian New Year. You know, we'll have a big parade, we'll serve hot hors d'oeuvre...
Surely there must be something you can do. I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley.
Surely you can't be serious? I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
They bought their tickets. They knew what they were getting in to. I say, let 'em crash! Shit man, that honky mus' be messin' my old lady... got to be runnin' cold upside down his head. You know? Hey home, I can dig it. You know he ain't gonna lay no mo' big rap up on you man. I say hey sky, s'other s'ay I wan say? UH... Pray to J I get the same ol' same ol'. Eh. Yo knock yourself a pro slick, gray matter live performas down now take TCB'in man. Hey, you know what they say... See a broad, to get that booty yak 'em. Leg 'er down 'n smack 'em yak 'em. Cold got to be. You know? Shiiiiit. Would you gentlemen care to order your dinners? Bet, babe. Slide a piece o' da' porter. Drink side, run da' java. Lookie here. I can dig grease 'n chompin' on some buns and draggin' through the garden. Can I get you something? 'S'mofo butter layin' me to da' BONE! Jackin' me up... tight me. I'm sorry, I don't understand. Cutty say 'e can't HANG! Oh stewardess! I speak jive. Oh, good. He said that he's in great pain and he wants to know if you can help him. All right. Would you tell him to just relax and I'll be back as soon as I can with some medicine? Jus' hang loose, blood. She gonna catch ya up on da' rebound on da' med side. What it is, big mama? My mama no raise no dummies. I dug her rap! Cut me some slack, Jack! Chump don' want no help, chump don't GET da' help! Say 'e can't hang, say seven up! Jive ass dude don't got no brains anyhow! Hmmph! Oh... it's my stomach. I haven't felt this awful since we saw that Ronald Reagan film. No thank you, I take it black... like my men. Excuse me miss but I speak Jive.
Flight two-zero niner, you're cleared for take-off. Roger. Huh? L.A. departure frequency one two three point niner. Roger. Huh? Request vector, over. Huh? Flight two-zero niner, cleared for vector three-two-four. We have clearance, Clarence. Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor? Tower Radio, clearance, over. That's "Clarence Oveur", over. Roger. Huh? Roger, over. What? Huh? Who?
Hello! Echo! Pinch hitting... for Pedro Borbon... Manny Mota... Mota... Mota...! I guess the foot's on the other hand now, isn't it, Kramer?
And Leon's getting laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrger. Captain, look at this!
Me John! Big tree.
Oh, it's a big, pretty, white plane with red stripes, curtains in the window, and wheels, and it looks like a big Tylenol. Bad news, the fog is getting thicker.
This? Why I could make a hat, or a brooch, a pterodactyl... What kind of plane is it?
Passengers certain to die! Airline negligent. There's a sale at Penny's! Alright, I'll need 3 men up in the tower. You Newbower, you Maceias...
Have you ever seen a grown man naked?
I've got to concentrate! I've got to concentrate!
What a pisser.
Airport management, the FAA and the airlines. They're all cheats and liars. All right, lets get outta here.
All right, Striker, you listen, and listen close. Flying a plane is no different from riding a bicycle; it's just a lot harder to put baseball cards in the spokes.
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
I just want to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
Joey, do you ever... hang around the gymnasium?
Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?
Joey, have you ever been in a Turkish prison?
Ladies and gentleman, this is your stewardess speaking. We regret any inconvenience the sudden cabin movement might have caused. This is due to periodic air pockets we encountered. There's no reason to be alarmed and we hope you enjoy the rest of your flight. By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?
Loneliness, that's the bottom line. I was never happy as a child... Christmas, Ted, what does that mean to you? It was living hell. Do you know what it's like falling in the mud and getting kicked, in the head? With an iron boot? Of course you don't, no one does, that never happens. Sorry, Ted, it's a dumb question, skip that.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit amphetamines.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit drinking.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit smoking.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.
Mayday? Why that's the Russian New Year. You know, we'll have a big parade, we'll serve hot hors d'oeuvre...
Johnny, what can you make outta this?
Mostly, I remember the nights when we were together. I remember how you used to hold me and... how I used to sit on your face and wriggle and--
Off to the tower? Rapunzel! Rapunzel!
The last thing he said to me, "Doc," he said, "sometime when the crew is up against it, the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to get out there and give it all they got and win just one for the Zipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Doc," he said, "but I won't smell too good, that's for sure."
The oil pressure, I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan.
They're coming right at us!
This is the man who is going to take you from Greece to Persia?! He can't even make it from one couch to the next.
A king isn't born, Alexander, he is made. By steel and by suffering. A king must know how to hurt those he loves. It's lonely. Ask Heracles. Ask any of them. Fate is cruel. No man or woman can be too powerful or too beautiful without disaster befalling. They laugh when you rise too high and crush everything you've built with a whim. What glory they give in the end, they take away. They... They make of us slaves.
Alexander used to say that we are most alone when we are with the myths.
Alexander, the world is yours. Take it!
All men reach and fall...
All you desire in the world is yours! Take it...
Aristotle be damned! By Zeus and by all the gods, what makes you so much better than them, Cassander! Better than you really are! In you and those like you is this.
Back, and to the left!
Each land, each boundary I cross, I strip away another illusion. I sense death will be the last. Yet still I push, harder and harder to reach this... "home". Where has our eagle gone? We must go on Ptolemy, until we find an end.
He was a god, Cadmos, or as close as anything I've ever seen.
Herakles did it by himself. Did you conquer Asia by yourself, Alexander? I mean, who planned the Asian invasion while you were being spanked on your bottom by my sister Lanike? Was it not your father? Or is his blood no longer good enough?
His tragedy was one of increasing loneliness and impatience with those who could not understand. And if his desire to unite Greek and barbarian ended in failure... what failure! His failure towered over other men's successes. I've lived... I've lived a long life, Cadmos. But the glory and the memory of man will always belong to the ones who follow their great visions. And the greatest of these is the one they now... call "Megas Alexandros" - the greatest Alexander of them all.
I don't serve your purpose?! What was I serving when I saved your puppy-life at Gaugamela?! Were you Zeus' boy?! What if I left you to die in the dust there? You think we'd be forced now to mate with brown apes?!!!
I found it in Egypt. The man who sold it to me said it came from a time when man worshipped sun and stars. I'll always think of you as the sun, Alexander and I pray your dream will shine on all men. I wish you a son.
In my womb I carried my avenger!
In the end, all that matters is what you've done.
It was said later that Alexander was never defeated, except by Hephaistion's thighs.
It's a high ransom she charges for nine months lodging in the womb.
Look at you! Look at you! You are everything he was not. He was coarse, you are refined. He was general, you are a king. He could not rule himself... and you, shall rule the world.
May all those who come here after us know when they see this altar, that titans were once here.
Men of Macedon, we're going home.
Pay attention lad, your father's still watching over you!
The generals question your obsession with Darius... they say it was never meant for you to be King of Asia.
Their skin is water. And their tongue is fire. She is your friend.
There's only one thing better than winning a battle, son, and that's the taste of a new woman! You'll find it far sweeter than self pity.
Were we gods we'd breach these walls to the Eastern Ocean.
What disturbs me most is not your lack of respect for my judgment, but your contempt for a world far older than ours.
When I was a child my mother thought me divine and my father weak... which one am I Hephaistion? Weak or divine?
Yes, you're right Crateros. I should have sent you veterans home sooner, and I will. The first of your shall be the Silver Shields, and then every man who has served seven years. Respected, rich, LOVED! You'll be treated by you wives and children as heroes for the rest of your lives. And enjoy a peaceful death. But you dream Crateros! Your simplicity long ended when you took Persian mistresses and children and you thickened your holdings with plunder and jewels... Because you have fallen in love with all the things in life that destroy men! Do you not see? And you, as well as I, know, that as the years decline, and the memories stale, and all your great victories fade, it will always be remembered, you left your king in Asia! Because I will go on... with my Asians!
You break my heart, you men... afraid!? Of course you have fears, we all have fears. Because noone has ever come this far before.
You will be nineteen this summer and the girls already say you don't like them, you like Hephaistion more. I understand it is natural for a young man.
You're everything I care for and by the sweet breath of Aphrodite I'm so jealous of losing you to this world you want so badly.
You've all honored your country and your ancestors and now we come to this most distant place in Asia where across from us Darius has at last gathered a vast army, but look again at this horde and ask yourselves, who is this great king who pays assassins in gold coins to murder my father, our king in a most despicable and cowardly manner? Who is this great king Darius who enslaves his own men to fight? Who is this king but a king of air? These men do not fight for their homes. They fight because this king tells them they must. And when they fight, they will melt away like the air, because they know no loyalty to a king of slaves! But we are not here today as slaves. We are here today... as Macedonian free men! And all their arms, their numbers, their chariots and their fine horses will mean nothing in the hands of slaves. Some of you, perhaps myself, will not live to see the sun set over these mountains today, for I will be in the very thick of battle with you. But remember this, the greatest honor a man can achieve is to live with great courage, and to die gloriously in battle for his home. I say to you what every warrior has known since the beginning of time: conquer your fear and I promise you you will conquer death! Someday I promise you, your sons and grandsons will look into your eyes. And when they ask you why you fought so bravely at Gaugamela, you will answer, with all the strength of your great, great hearts: "I was here this day at Gaugamela... for the freedom... and glory... of Greece!" Zeus be with us!
I warned them all from the beginning. I always said something along the lines of? I must advise you, I am stamped with an invisible warning: "will not commit", "will never marry".
In every doomed relationship there comes what I like to call the "oh oooh"-moment. And a certain little something happens and you know you've just witnessed the beginning of the end. Suddenly you stop and you think: "oh oooh"... iceberg ahead.
Well, no, I've never done it. But it might be worth a try.
What happens with me is - I don't know - I get... when it gets too... not close, but something like that, I start to feel... not stifled... not trapped... but, but... something like that and I - you know, you know what I mean.
When I look back on my little life and all the women I've known. I can't help to think about all that they've done for me, I hadn't left up for them, how they looked after me, and cared for me, and I would pay them by never returning the favor. Yeah, I used to think I had the best end of the deal. What have I got? really? some money in my pocket, some nice threads, a fancy car at my disposal, and I am single? unattached, free as a bird. I don't depend on nobody. Nobody depends on me. My life's my own. But I don't have peace of mind. And if you don't have that, you have nothing. So... so what's the answer, I keep asking myself. What's it all about. You know what I mean.
Man, without me, you'd just be a mouth and a microphone. And without me, you'd just be a mouth.
We'll be right back. You want some food for that thing? How could you do something like that to a man you revere? Cos' it's funny.
Is that all you got?
But if I ever was to get in the ring with Joe, here's what you might see. Ali comes out to meet Frazier, but Frazier starts to retreat. If Joe back up an inch farther, he'll wind up in a ringside seat. Ali swings with his left. Ali swings with his right. Just look at the kid carry the fight. Frazier keeps backin', but there's not enough room. It's only a matter of time before Ali lowers the boom. Ali swings with his right. What a beautiful swing. But the punch lifts Frazier clean out of the ring. Frazier still rising, and the referee wears a frown 'cause he can't start countin' till Frazier comes down. Frazier's disappeared from view. The crowd is getting frantic. But our radar stations done picked him up. He's somewheres over the Atlantic. Now, who would've thought, when they came to the fight, they was gonna witness the launching of a black satellite? But don't wait for that fight. It ain't never gonna happen. The onliest thing you can do is wonder and imagine.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. Rumble, young man, Rumble.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. His hands can't hit what his eyes can't see.
I ain't draft dodging. I ain't burning no flag. I ain't running to Canada. I'm staying right here. You want to send me to jail? Fine, you go right ahead. I've been in jail for 400 years. I could be there for 4 or 5 more, but I ain't going no 10,000 miles to help murder and kill other poor people. If I want to die, I'll die right here, right now, fightin' you, if I want to die. You my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong, no Japanese. You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. Want me to go somewhere and fight for you? You won't even stand up for me right here in America, for my rights and my religious beliefs. You won't even stand up for my right here at home.
I ain't got no quarrel with those Vietcong. Ain't no Vietcong ever call me a nigger.
I'm gonna give 300 dollars to the man who brings me Howard Cosell's toupee, dead or alive.
Yeah, I know where Vietnam is; it's on TV. Southeast Asia? It's there, too?
Here kitty, kitty, kitty. Meow. Here Jonesy.
It's a robot! Ash is a god damn robot!
Ripley, for God's sake, this is the first time that we've encountered a species like this. It has to go back. All sorts of tests have to be made. Ash, are you kidding? This thing bled acid. Who knows what it's gonna do when it's dead? I think it's safe to assume it isn't a zombie.
Well, so what? Well, we are obligated under section eight... I hate to bring this up but, uh, this a commercial ship, not a rescue ship... Right... and it's not in my contract to do this kind of duty. Now what about the money? If you wanna give me some money to do it, I'll be happy to, uh, t-to, you know, oblige. The man's right. Parker... Let's go over the bonus situation. We haven't - can we just talk about the bonus situation? I'm sorry. Can I say something? Let's talk about the bonus more. There is a clause in the contract which specifically states any systematized transmission indicating a possible intelligent origin must be investigated-- I don't wanna hear it... We don't know if it's intelligent. I wanna go home and party. Parker, will you just listen to the man!?... on penalty of total forfeiture of shares. No money. You got that? Well, yeah. All right, we're going in. Yeah, we're going in, aren't we?
Ok Ripley, we're clean let us in. What happened to Kane? Something's attached itself to him, we have to get him to the infirmary right away. What kind of thing, I need a clear definition. An organism, open the hatch! Wait a minute, we let it in the ship could be infected. You know the quarantine procedures, 24 hours for decontamination. He could die in 24 hours! Open the hatch. Listen to me, if we break quarantine we could all die. Look! Would you open the goddamn hatch, we have to get him inside! No - and if you were in my position you'd do the same. Ripley this is an order, you open that hatch right now you hear me?... Yes. Ripley, that was an order! Do you hear me?!... Yes, I read you. The answer is negative. Inner hatch opened.
I haven't seen anything like that except, uh, molecular acid. It must be using it for blood. It's got a wonderful defense mechanism. You don't dare kill it.
I can't see a goddamn thing. Quit griping. I like griping.
If they find what they're lookin' for out there, that mean we get full shares? Don't worry, Parker, yeah. You'll get whatever's coming to you. Look, I'm not gonna do any more work, until we get this straightened out. Brett, you're guaranteed by law to get a share. What? Why don't you just fuck off? What? Uh, what'd you say, Rip? If you have any trouble, I'll be on the bridge.
Uh, before we dock, I think we oughta discuss the bonus situation. Right. Brett and I, we think we oughta - we deserve full shares, right baby? Right. You see, Mr. Parker and I feel that the bonus situation has never been on a-an equitable level. Well, you get what you're contracted for like everybody else. Yes, but everybody else, uh, gets more than us.
What's it key off?... Micro changes in air density. "Micro changes in air density", my ass.
That's amazing. What is it? Uh, yes, it is. Umm. I don't know yet. Did you want something? Yes, I, uh... have a little talk. How's, uh, how's Kane? He's holding, no changes. And, uh, our guest? Umm. Hmm? Well, as I said, I'm still... collating, actually, but uh, I have confirmed that he's got an outer layer of protein polysaccharides. Has a funny habit of shedding his cells and replacing them with polarized silicon, which gives him a prolonged resistance to adverse environmental conditions. Is that enough? That's plenty. What does it mean? Please don't do that. Thank you. I'm sorry. Well, it's an interesting combination of elements making him a... tough little son-of-a-bitch. And you let him in. I was obeying a direct order. Remember? Ash. When Dallas and Kane are off the ship, I'm Senior Officer. Oh, yes, I forgot. You also forgot the Science Division's basic quarantine law. No, that I didn't forget. Oh, I see, you just broke it. Hmm? Look, what would you have done with Kane, hmm? You know his only chance of survival was to get him in here. Unfortunately, by, uh, breaking quarantine, you risk everybody's life. Maybe I should have left him outside. Maybe I've jeopardized the rest of us, but it was a risk I was willing to take. That's a pretty big risk for a Science Officer. It's, uh, not exactly out of the manual, is it? I do take my responsibilities as seriously as you, you know. You do your job and let me do mine, yes?
Ash, can you hear me? Ash? Yes, I can hear you. What was your special order? You read it. I thought it was clear. What was it? Bring back life form. Priority One. All other priorities rescinded. The damn company. What about our lives, you son of a bitch?! I repeat, all other priorities are rescinded. How do we kill it Ash? There got to be a way of killing it, how - HOW do we do it? You can't. That's bullshit. You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you? The perfect organism. Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility... You admire it... I admire its purity. A survivor... unclouded by conscience, remorse, or delusions of morality. Look, I am, I've heard enough of this, and I'm asking you to pull the plug. Last words. What? I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies.
Ash, that transmission - Mother's deciphered part of it. It doesn't look like an S.O.S. What is it, then? Well, I, it looks like a warning. I'm gonna go out after them. What's the point? I mean by the, the time it takes to get there, you'll, they'll know if it's a warning or not, yes?
Ash. Any suggestions from you or Mother? No, we're still collating... What? You're still collating? I find that hard to believe. What would you like me to do? Just what you've been doing, Ash - nothing.
Come on, Ash, I mean, the Science Department should be able to help us. What can we do to drive it? Yes, well, it's adapted remarkably well to our atmosphere considering its nutritional requirements. The only thing we don't know about is temperature. OK, what about temperature? What happens if we change it? Let's try it. I mean most animals retreat from fire, yes? Fire, yeah.
When we throw the switches, how long before the ship blows? Ten minutes. No bullshit? We ain't outta here in ten minutes, we won't need no rocket to fly through space.
Whenever he says anything you say "right", Brett, you know that? Right. Parker, what do you think? Your staff just follows you around and says "right". Just like a regular parrot. Yeah, shape up. What are you some kind of parrot? Right.
Will you listen to me, Parker!? SHUT UP! Let's hear it. Let's hear it. It's using the air shafts. You don't know that. That's the only way! We'll move in pairs. We'll go step by step and cut off every bulkhead and every vent until we have it cornered. And then we'll blow it the fuck out into space. Is that acceptable to you?
Mother! I've turned the cooling unit back on. Mother! The ship will automatically destruct in "T" minus five minutes. You... BITCH!
This is the worst shit I've ever seen, man. What you say? You got any biscuits over there? Here's some cornbread. Cornbread. Yeah. I am cold. Still with us, Brett? Right. Oh, I feel dead. Anybody ever tell you you look dead, man?
Feel like somebody's been beating me with a stick for about six years. God, I'm hungry.
Just some horrible dream about smothering.
This is commercial towing vehicle Nostromo out of the Solomons, registration number 1-8-0-niner-2-4-6-0-niner. Calling Antarctica traffic control. Do you read me? Over.
Final report of the commercial starship Nostromo, third officer reporting. The other members of the crew, Kane, Lambert, Parker, Brett, Ash and Captain Dallas, are dead. Cargo and ship destroyed. I should reach the frontier in about six weeks. With a little luck, the network will pick me up. This is Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, signing off. Come on, cat.
Alien life form. Looks like it's been dead a long time. Fossilized. Looks like it's growing out of the chair. Bones are bent outward, like he exploded from inside.
You are my lucky star... Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.
Danger, the emergency destruct sequence has now been activated. The ship will self-destruct in t-minus, ten minutes. The option to override automatic detonation will expire in t-minus, FIVE MINUTES.
Parker, would you shut up and listen to the man!?
The option to override automatic detonation will expire in t-minus, THREE MINUTES.
The pit is completely enclosed. And it's full of leathery objects, like eggs or something.
YOU NOW HAVE ONE MINUTE TO ABANDON NOSTROMO... THE NOSTROMO WILL SELF DESTRUCT IN T-MINUS ONE MINUTE, RIPLEY!
All right guys, we're a team and there's nothing to worry about. We come here, we kick some, we conquer. Is that understood? YES SIR! That's what we gonna do, sweethearts. We gonna go and get some. All right people, on the ready line!
Ripley... I don't want to hear about it, Bishop. She's alive. There's still time. In nineteen minutes this area is going to be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska. Hicks, don't let him leave. We ain't going anywhere.
Stand by to initiate release sequencer. On my mark. Five. Four. We're on an express elevator to hell; going down! Three. Two. One. Mark.
Go Vasquez! Kick ass! Anytime, anywhere, man! Right. Somebody said "alien" and she thought they said "illegal alien" and signed up! Fuck you, man! Anytime, Anywhere!
They ain't paying us enough for this, man. Not enough to wake up to your face, Drake. What? Is that a joke? Oh, I wish it were.
Hey, I sure wouldn't mind getting me some more of that Arcturian poontang! Remember that time? Yeah, except the one you had was MALE. It doesn't matter when it's Arcturian, baby!
It's hot as hell in here. Yeah man, but it's a dry heat!
Man, have I got a bad feeling about this drop. You always say that, you always say "I got a bad feeling about this drop!" Okay. When we get back without you, I'll call your folks.
Any questions? What is it, private? How do I get out of this chickenshit outfit? You secure that shit, Hudson!
Good morning, Marines. I'm sorry we didn't have time to brief you people before we left Gateway-- Sir? What is it, Hicks? Hudson, sir. He's Hicks. What's the question? Is this gonna be a standup fight, sir, or another bug-hunt? All we know is that there is still is no contact with the colony, and that a xenomorph may be involved. Excuse me, a what? A xenomorph. It's a bug-hunt.
Hicks, meet me at the South Lock. We're coming in. Roger. He's coming in. I feel safer already. Pendejo jerk-off!
Looks like the new lieutenant's too good to eat with the rest of us grunts. Boy's definitely got a corncob up his ass.
Man, this floor is freezing! What do you want me to do, fetch you some slippers? Ah gee, would you sir? I'd like that. Look into my eye. Fall in, people!
Movement. Signal's clean. Range twenty meters. They found a way in, something we missed. We didn't miss anything. 17 meters. Something under the floor, not in the plans. 15 meters. Ripley. Definitely inside the barricades. 13 meters. That's right outside the door! Hicks, Vasquez, get back! Man, this is a big fucking signal! How are you doing, Vasquez? Talk to me! Almost there. That's it! Keep it up! 12 meters. 11, 10... They're right on top of us! 9 meters. Remember: short, controlled bursts. 8 meters. 7, 6... They can't be. That's inside the room. It's reading right, man! Look! Well then you're not reading it right! 5 meters, man! What the hell?!... Oh shit... oh fuck...
Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen! Found them. They alive? Unknown, but it looks like all of them, over at the processing station, sub-level three, under the main cooling towers. Looks like a god damn town meeting. Let's saddle up, Apone. Yes sir. All right, people. They ain't paying us by an hour. Let's go, head out! Okay Frost, you're driving.
Vasquez, have you ever been mistaken for a man? No. Have you?
Can I dream? Yes, honey. I think we both can. Sleep tight. Affirmative.
My mommy always said there were no monsters, no real ones. But there are. Yes. Yes, there are. Why do they tell kids that? Because most of the time it's true.
How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue?... 17 days. 17 days? Hey, I don't mean to rain on your parade but we're not gonna last seventeen hours! Those things are gonna come in here just like they did before! And they're - they're gonna come in here-- Hudson. And they're gonna come in here and - AND THEY'RE GONNA KILL US!!! HUDSON! This little girl survived longer than us with no weapons and no training. Right? Why don't you put her in charge? You'd better just start dealing with it, Hudson! Listen to me! Hudson! Just deal with it because we need you and I'm sick of your bullshit.
How many drops is this for you, Lieutenant? 38... Simulated. How many combat drops? Uh... 2, including this one. Ah, shit.
I dunno how you managed to stay alive, but you're one brave kid, Rebecca. Newt. What? My name's Newt. Nobody calls me Rebecca, except my brother.
I feel like kind of a fifth wheel around here. Is there anything I can do? I dunno, is there anything you CAN do?
It's very pretty Bishop, but what are we looking for? Right there. Emergency venting. That's beautiful, man. That just beats all. How long until it blows? Four hours, with a blast radius of 30 kilometers, equal to about 40 megatons. We've got problems. I can't believe this. I CAN'T FUCKING BELIEVE THIS! Vasquez, close the shutters. Why can't we shut it down from here? I'm sorry, but the crash caused too much damage. An overload was inevitable at this point. Aw, man. And I was getting short. Four more weeks and out. Now I'm going to buy it on this rock! It ain't half-fair, man! Hudson, give us a break! Four more weeks! Aw, man! Well, we need the other drop-ship from the Sulaco. I mean, there must be some way of bringing it down via remote. How? The transmitter was on the APC! It's wasted! Well, I don't care how, but we'd better think of something, we'd better think of a way now. Think of what? We're FUCKED! Shut up! SHUT UP! What about the colony transmitters? The uplink tower at the other end? Why can't we use-- No, the hard-wiring between here and there was damaged. We can't align the dish. Well, then somebody has got to go out there, take a portable terminal, and patch in manually. Oh, sure! With those things runnin' around? You can count me out! I'll go. Yeah, I guess we can just count you out of everything, Hudson. That's right, man. Hey, why don't you go, man? I'll go. What? I'll go. I'm the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Yeah, man. Bishop should go. Good idea! Believe me, I'd prefer not to. I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid.
Just tell me one thing, Burke. You're going out there to destroy them. Not to study. Not to bring back. But to wipe them out. That's the plan. You have my word. Alright, I'm in.
Lieutenant, what do those pulse-rifles fire? 10 millimeter explosive tip caseless. Standard light armor piercing rounds, why? Well, look where your team is. They're right under the primary heat exchangers... So? So... if they fire their weapons in there, won't they rupture the cooling system? Whoa ho ho... yeah, she's absolutely right. So, so what? Look, this whole station is basically a big fusion reactor, right? So she's talking about a thermonuclear explosion and adios muchachos. Oh, great. Wonderful. SHIT! Look... Ah... Apone. Look, we can't have any firing in there. I, uh... I want you to collect magazines from everybody. Is he fucking crazy!? What the hell are we supposed to use, man? Harsh language?
These people are here to protect you. They're soldiers. It won't make any difference.
You never said anything about an android being on board. Why not? It never... never occurred to me. It's just common practice, we always have a synthetic on board. I prefer the term "Artificial Person" myself.
Thank you, Officer Ripley. That will be all-- God damn it, that's not all! Because if one of those things gets down here then that WILL be all! And all this, this bullshit that you think is so important, you can just kiss all that goodbye!
All right, we got seven canisters of CN-20. I say we roll them in there and nerve gas the whole fucking nest. That's worth a try, but we don't know if it's gonna affect them. Let's just butt out and call it even, man! What are we even talking about this for? I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. Fuckin' A! Hold on a second. This installation has a substantial dollar value attached to it. They can bill me. Okay. This is an emotional moment for all of us, I know that. But let's not make snap judgments, please. This is clearly an important species we're dealing with and I don't think you or I or anybody has the right to arbitrarily exterminate them. Wrong! Yeah, watch us. Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got our asses kicked, pal! Look, I'm not blind to what's going on, but I cannot authorize that kind of action. I'm sorry. Well, I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here. Corporal Hicks? This operation is under military jurisdiction, and Hicks is next in chain of command. Am I right, Corporal? Yeah... yeah, that's right. Yeah... look, Ripley, this is a multi-million dollar installation! He can't make that kind of decision, he's just a grunt! Ah, no offense. None taken. Ferro, do you copy? Standing by. Prep for dust off. We're going to need immediate evac. Roger. We're on our way. Alright. We take off, nuke the site from orbit.
Hey, mira - who's Snow White? She's supposed to be some kind of consultant. Apparently she saw an alien once. Whoopee fuckin' doo, I'm impressed.
I say we grease this rat-fuck son of a bitch right now! This just doesn't make any god damn sense. He figured he could get an alien back through quarantine, if one of us was... impregnated... whatever you call it. Then frozen for the trip home. Nobody would know about the embryos we were carrying. Me and Newt. Wait a minute, now - we'd all know. Yes, the only way he could do it was if he sabotaged certain freezers on the way home - namely yours. Then he could jettison the bodies and make up any story he wanted. Fuck! He's dead. You're dog meat, pal! This is so nuts. I mean, listen... listen to what you're saying; it's paranoid delusion. It's really sad... it's pathetic. You know Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them fucking each other over for a god damn percentage. All right - we waste him! No offense! No, he's got to go back-- ... They cut the power. What do you mean "they" cut the power!? How could they cut the power, they're animals! I want you two in trackers, checking the corridors! Move out!
That's great. That's just fucking great, man. Now what the fuck are we supposed to do? We're in some real pretty shit now, man! Are you finished? I guess we're not going to be leaving right now then? I'm sorry, Newt. It wasn't your fault. That's it! Game over, man! Game's over! What the fuck are we gonna do now? What are we gonna do? Maybe we could build a fire and sing couple of songs, huh?! Why don't we try that?! We'd better get back because it'll be dark soon, and they mostly come at night. Mostly.
Look, those two specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division, right? Now, if you're smart, we can both come out of this heroes, and we will be set up for life... You're crazy, Burke - do you know that? You really think you can get a dangerous organism like that past ICC quarantine? How can they impound it if they don't know about it? But they will know about it. From me. Just like they'll know you were responsible for the deaths of 157 colonists. Wait a second. You sent them to that ship! You're wrong! I just checked the colony log! Directive dated 6-12-79, signed Burke, Carter J! You sent them out there and you didn't even warn them! Why didn't you warn them!? Okay, look - what if that ship didn't even exist? Did you ever think about that? I didn't know! So now, if I went and made a major security situation out of it, everybody steps in. Administration steps in, and there's no exclusive rights for anybody, nobody wins! So I made a decision and it was wrong. It was a bad call, Ripley. It was a bad call. Bad call? These people are DEAD, Burke! Don't you have any idea what you've done here? Well, I'm going to make sure they nail you right to the wall for this! You're not going to sleaze your way out of this one! Right to the wall. Ripley... you know, I expected more from you. I thought you'd be smarter than this. I'm happy to disappoint you.
It doesn't mean we're engaged or anything.
Outstanding. Now all we need is a deck of cards.
That's great. That's just fucking great, man! Now what the fuck are we supposed to do? We're in some real pretty shit now man! Game's over man, game's fucking over! What the fuck are we gonna do now? What are we gonna do?
Come on! Come and get it! Come on! Let's go, yeah! YEAH! Come on! Come and get it, bastards! Come on, you too! Oh, you want some of this? Take it! Yeah, fuck you!
I say we grease this rat-fuck son of a bitch right now!
EAT THIS!
I like to keep this handy... for close encounters.
I wanna introduce you to a very personal friend of mine. This is an M41A pulse rifle. Ten millimeter with over-and-under thirty millimeter pump action grenade launcher.
All right sweethearts, what are you waiting for, breakfast in bed? Another glorious day in the corps. A day in the Marine Corps is like a day on the farm. Every meal is a banquet. Every paycheck a fortune. Every formation a parade. I LOVE the corps!
Alright sweethearts, you heard the man and you know the drill! Assholes and elbows!
Check those corners. CHECK THOSE CORNERS!
Not bad for a... human.
Did IQs just drop sharply while I was away?
Hicks. Man, you look just like I feel.
In the pipe. Five by five.
First assembly's in 15 people, shag it!
I guess she don't like the cornbread either.
Get away from her, you BITCH!
I know we're all in strung out shape but stay frosty and alert. We can't afford to let one of those bastards in here.
I say we take off, and nuke the entire site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
I'm ready man, check it out. I am the ultimate badass! State-of-the-badass-art! You do not want to fuck with me. Check it out. Hey Ripley! Don't you worry, me and my squad of ultimate bad-asses will protect you. Check it out, independently targeting particle-beam phalanx. Whap! You can fry half a city with this puppy. We got tactical smart missiles, phase plasma pulse rifles, and we got Sonic Electronic Ball-Breakers! We got nukes, knives, sharp sticks...
It's a rescue mission, you'll love it. There's some juicy colonists' daughters we have to rescue from their virginity!
Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events but we just got our asses kicked, pal!
They mostly come at night. Mostly.
Now please leave. I am not going back, and... I would not be any good to you if I did.
Bio-readouts are all in the green, looks like she's alive. Well there goes our salvage, guys.
Somebody wake up Hicks.
Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen!
They're coming outta the walls! They're coming outta the goddamn walls! We are FUCKED!
Hey, Bishop! Do that thing with the knife!
Yeah? With those things runnin' around? You can count me out!
You secure that shit Hudson!
The theatah, the theatAh - what book of rules says the theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris, or Vienna? Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and the Lone Ranger. Sarah Bernhardt and Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex the Wild Horse, Eleanora Duse - they're all theater. You don't understand them, you don't like them all - why should you? The theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your theater, but it's theater for somebody, somewhere... It's just that there's so much bourgeois in this ivory green room they call the theater. Sometimes it gets up around my chin.
Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night.
She loves me like a father. Also, she's loaded.
We know her humility, her devotion, her loyalty to her art, her love, her deep and abiding love for us, for what we are and what we do, the theater. She has had one wish, one prayer, one dream - to belong to us. Tonight, her dream has come true. And henceforth, we shall dream the same of her.
... You did it. With work and patience, you'll be a good actress if that's what you want to be. Is that what you want me to be? I'm talking about you and what you want. So am I. What have I got to do with it? Everything. Names I've been called, but never Svengali. Good luck. Don't run away, Bill. From what would I be running? You're always after truth on the stage. What about off? I'm for it. Then face it. I have. Ever since that first night here in this dressing room. When I told you what every young actress should know? When you told me that whatever I became it would be because of you... Makeup's a little heavy... and for you. You're quite a girl. You think? I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard? You're all kinds of things. I'm only human, rumors to the contrary. And I'm as curious as the next man. Find out. The only thing - what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me. Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.
Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out? It hasn't been laid out. We haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it - the remains of Margo Channing, sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up. Wouldn't it be more natural for you to be taking a bow?
The gong rang, the fight's over. Calm down. I will not calm down. Don't calm down. You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you? I'm trying terribly hard. But you needn't be. I will not be tolerated and I will not be plotted against. Here we go. Such nonsense. What do you all take me for - Little Nell from the country? Been my understudy for over a week without my knowing it, carefully hidden no doubt. I am sick and tired of these paranoiac outbursts... For the last time, I'll tell it to you. You've got to stop hurting yourself and me and the two of us by these paranoiac tantrums... You're a beautiful and an intelligent woman, and a great actress. A great actress at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness... but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive, you permit the slightest action of... a kid like Eve to turn you into an hysterical, screaming harpy. Now, once and for all, stop it! I'll admit I may have seen better days, but I'm still not to be had for the price of a cocktail, like a salted peanut.
The so-called art of acting is not one for which I have a particularly-high regard... But you may quote me as follows. Quote: "Tonight, Miss Margo Channing gave a performance in your cockamamie play the like of which I have never seen before and expect rarely to see again." Unquote... I shall propose the toast. Without wit. With all my heart. To Margo. To my bride-to-be. Glory, Hallelujah.
To be a good actor or actress or anything else in the theatre means wanting to be that more than anything else in the world. Yes, yes it does. It means concentration of desire or ambition, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands. And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be just someone. To give so much for almost always so little. So little. So little, did you say? Why, if there's nothing else, there's applause. I've listened backstage to people applaud. It's like, like waves of love coming over the footlights and wrapping you up. Imagine. To know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you. They smile, and their eyes shine. You've pleased them. They want you. You belong. Just that alone is worth anything.
We started talking. She wanted to know about Hollywood. She seemed so interested. She's a girl of so many interests. A pretty rare quality these days. A girl of so many rare qualities. So she seems. So you've pointed out so often. So many qualities so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, and affection, and so young. So young and so fair. I can't believe you're making this up... Of course it's funny. This is all too laughable to be anything else. You know what I feel about this age obsession of yours. And now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spent ten minutes with a stage-struck kid. Twenty. Thirty minutes, forty minutes, what of it? Stage-struck kid! She's a young lady of quality. And I'll have you know I'm fed up with both the young lady and her qualities. Studying me as if I were a play or a blueprint, how I walk, talk, think, act, sleep. Now, how can you take offense at a kid trying in every way to be as much like her ideal as possible? Stop calling her a kid. As it happens, there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges. For instance what? For instance you. This is my cue to take you in my arms and reassure you. But I'm not going to. I'm too mad... Guilty... Mad! Darling, there are certain characteristics for which you are famous onstage and off. I love you for some of them in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughingly called our environment. You have to keep your teeth sharp, all right. But I will not have you sharpen them on me - or on Eve. What about her teeth? What about her fangs? She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic, dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society, I won't have it. Eve Harrington has never by a word, a look, or a suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love. And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me. It spells out paranoiac insecurity that you should be ashamed of. Cut! Brilliant! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?
What a story! Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end. There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect!
It wasn't a reading. It was a performance. Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire. How nice. In time, she'll be what you are. A mass of music and fire.
And tomorrow morning, you will have won your beachhead on the shores of immortality. Stop rehearsing your column. Isn't it strange, Addison? I thought I'd be panic-stricken, want to run away or something. Instead, I can't wait for tonight to come, to come and go. Are you that sure of tomorrow? Aren't you? Frankly, yes. It will be a night to remember. It will bring me everything I've ever wanted. The end of an old road. The beginning of a new one. All paved with diamonds and gold? You know me better than that. It's paved with what, then? Stars... Plenty of time for a nice long nap. We rehearsed most of last night. You could sleep now, couldn't you? Why not? The mark of a true killer. Sleep tight, rest easy, and come out fighting. Why did you call me a killer? Oh, did I say killer? I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.
But if I may make a suggestion... I think the time has come for you to shed some of your humility. It is just as false not to blow your horn at all as it is to blow it too loudly. I don't think I have anything to sound off about. We all come into this world with our little egos, equipped with individual horns. Now if we don't blow them, who else will? Even so, one pretty good performance by an understudy - it'll be forgotten by tomorrow. It needn't be.
Do you see that man? That's Max Fabian, the producer. Now go and do yourself some good. Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits? Because that's what they are. Now go and make him happy.
San Francisco has no Shubert Theater. You've never been to San Francisco! That was a stupid lie, easy to expose, not worthy of you. I had to get in to meet Margo! I had to say something, be somebody, make her like me!
We're a breed apart from the rest of humanity, we theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities. Oh, waiter! That isn't a waiter, my dear. That's a butler. Well, I can't yell, "Oh, butler!" Can I? Maybe somebody's name is Butler. You have a point. An idiotic one, but a point. I don't want to make trouble. All I want is a drink. Leave it to me. I'll get you one. Thank you, Mr. Fabian. Well done. I can see your career rising in the east like the sun.
I'm afraid Mr. De Witt would find me boring before too long. You won't bore him, honey. You won't even get a chance to talk.
If you told him so, he'd give me the part. He said he would... It's my part now... Cora is my part. You've got to tell Lloyd it's for me... Addison wants me to play it... Addison knows how Margo happened to miss that performance, how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town... If I play Cora, Addison will never tell what happened, in or out of print. A simple exchange of favors. I'm so happy I can do something for you at long last. Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship. What would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the cheap trick you played on her for my benefit? You and Lloyd. How long, even in the theater, before people forgot what happened and trusted you again? No, it would be so much easier for everyone concerned if I would play Cora. So much better theater too. You'd do all that just for a part in a play? I'd do much more for a part that good.
The setting wasn't romantic, but Lloyd was. He woke me up at three o'clock in the morning banging on my door. He couldn't sleep, he said. He'd left Karen. Couldn't go on with the play or anything else until I promised to marry him. We sat and talked until it was light. He never went home. You "sat and talked" until it was light? We "sat and talked" Addison. I want a run-of-the-play contract. There never was and there never will be another like you... What do you take me for? I don't know that I'd take you for anything. Is it possible, even conceivable, that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you play tricks on? That you have the same contempt for me as you have for them?... Look closely, Eve. It's time you did. I am Addison De Witt. I am nobody's fool. Least of all - yours. I never intended you to be. Yes you did and you still do... It's important right now that we talk - killer to killer. Champion to champion. Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class. Addison, will you please say what you have to say, plainly and distinctly, and then get out so I can take my nap. Very well. Plainly and distinctly... Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you. What do you mean by that? More plainly and more distinctly? I have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or pull the ivy from the walls of Yale. I've come here to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd or anyone else for that matter because I will not permit it. What have you got to do with it? Everything, because after tonight, you will belong to me. Belong to you? That sounds medieval, something out of an old melodrama. Now remember as long as you live, never to laugh at me. At anything or anyone else, but never at me.
You take charge. I believe I will.
Margo, nothing you've ever done has made me as happy as your taking Eve in. I'm so happy you're happy.
For once to write something and have it realized completely. For once not to compromise. Lloyd Richards! You are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of Cora. Now just a minute. Margo Channing's not been exactly a compromise all these years. Why, half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise. Now just a minute. It strikes me that Eve's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious. All this fuss and hysteria because an impulsive kid got carried away by excitement and the conniving of a professional manure-slinger named De Witt. She apologized, didn't she? On her knees, I've no doubt. Very touching. Very Academy of Dramatic Arts. That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe. That cynicism you refer to I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys.
You be host. It's your party. Happy birthday, welcome home. And we who are about to die... Too bad, we're gonna miss the third act. They're gonna play it off stage.
And please stop acting as if I were the Queen-Mother. I'm sorry, I didn't... Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly. Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly. Aren't we, honey? Margo, really. Please don't play governess, Karen. I haven't your unyielding good taste. I wish I could have gone to Radcliffe too, but father wouldn't hear of it. He needed help behind the notions counter. I'm being rude now, aren't I? Or should I say, ain't I? You're maudlin and full of self-pity. You're magnificent. How about calling it a night? And you, posing as a playwright, a situation pregnant with possibilities and all you can think of is everybody go to sleep.
All playwrights should be dead for three hundred years! That would solve none of their problems, because actresses never die. The stars never die and never change. You may change this star any time you want for a new and fresh and exciting one, fully equipped with fire and music. Anytime you want, starting with tonight's performance... I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself as a mind. Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing? Usually at the point when she has to rewrite and rethink them to keep the audience from leaving the theater. It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto! And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano?
Bill's in love with Margo Channing. He's fought with her, worked with her, and loved her. But ten years from now, Margo Channing will have ceased to exist. And what's left will be - what? Margo, Bill is all of eight years younger than you. Those years stretch as the years go on. I've seen it happen too often. Not to you, not to Bill. Isn't that what they always say?... About Eve, I've acted pretty disgracefully toward her too. Well,... Don't fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to her... to the fact that she's so young, so feminine and so helpless, too so many things I want to be for Bill. Funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you get back to being a woman. There's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not: being a woman. Sooner or later, we've got to work at it, no matter how many other careers we've had or wanted. And, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turn around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not a woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a - a book full of clippings, but you're not a woman. Slow curtain. The End.
Bill, don't get stuck on some glamour-puss. I'll try. You're not much of a bargain, you know. You're conceited, and thoughtless and messy. Well, everybody can't be Gregory Peck. You're a set-up for some gorgeous, wide-eyed young bait. How childish are you going to get before you stop it? I don't want to be childish. I'll settle for a few years. Then cut that out right now. Am I going to lose you, Bill? Am I? As of this moment, you're six years old.
Encore du champagne. More champagne, Miss Channing? That's what I said, bub.
So many people know me. I wish I did. I wish someone would tell me about me. You're Margo, just Margo. And what is that besides something spelled out in lightbulbs, I mean, besides something called a temperament which consists mostly of swooping about on a broomstick and screaming at the top of my voice. Infants behave the way I do, you know. They carry on and misbehave. They'd get drunk if they knew how, when they can't have what they want. When they feel unwanted or insecure or unloved.
You bought the new girdle a size smaller. I can feel it. Somethin' maybe grew a size larger.
Now there's something a girl could make sacrifices for. And probably has. Sable. Sable? Did she say sable or Gable? Either one.
Now what? Your next move, it seems to me, should be towards television. Tell me this. Do they have auditions for television? That's, uh, all television is, my dear. Nothing but auditions.
I call myself Phoebe. And why not? Tell me, Phoebe, do you want someday to have an award like that of your own? More than anything else in the world. Then you must ask Miss Harrington how to get one. Miss Harrington knows all about it.
I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who try to find out things, she told more than she learned. Now do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?... That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability, but that, in itself, is probably the reason. You're an improbable person, Eve, and so am I. We have that in common. Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love and be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent. We deserve each other... and you realize and you agree how completely you belong to me?
This is my house, not a theater. In my house, you're a guest, not a director.
The reason is Margo, and don't try to figure it out. Einstein couldn't.
The Sarah Siddons Award for Distinguished Achievement is perhaps unknown to you. It has been spared the sensational and commercial publicity that attends such questionable 'honors' as the Pulitzer Prize - and those awards presented annually by that film society. This is the dining hall of the Sarah Siddons Society. The occasion is its annual banquet and presentation of the highest honor our theater knows - the Sarah Siddons Award for Distinguished Achievement... The minor awards, as you can see, have already been presented. Minor awards are for such as the writer and director since their function is merely to construct a tower so that the world can applaud a light which flashes on top of it. And no brighter light has ever dazzled the eye than Eve Harrington. Eve. But more of Eve later, all about Eve, in fact.
And so my hat, which has lo these many seasons become more firmly rooted about my ears, is lifted to Miss Harrington. I am once more available for dancing in the streets and shouting from the housetops... Miss Harrington had much to tell and these columns shall report her faithfully about the lamentable practice in our theater of permitting, shall we say, mature actresses to continue playing roles requiring a youth and vigor which they retain but a dim memory... about the understandable reluctance on the part of our entrenched first ladies of the stage to encourage, shall we say, younger actresses about Miss Harrington's own long and supported struggle for opportunity.
And there were theaters in San Francisco. And then one night, Margo Channing came to play in Remembrance and I went to see it. Well, here I am.
As it happens, there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges.
Zanuck is impatient. He wants me, he needs me.
Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty-two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men.
But somehow, acting and make believe began to fill up my life more and more. It got so I couldn't tell the real from the unreal. Except that the unreal seemed more real to me.
Dear Margo. You were an unforgettable Peter Pan. You must play it again soon.
I've seen every performance... I'd like anything Miss Channing played in... I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to pick the best plays.
Eve would ask Abbott to give her Costello.
Eve. Eve the Golden Girl, the Cover Girl, the Girl Next Door, the Girl on the Moon. Time has been good to Eve. Life goes where she goes. She's the profiled, covered, revealed, reported. What she eats and what she wears and whom she knows and where she was, and when and where she's going. Eve. You all know All About Eve. What can there be to know that you don't know?
Every now and then some elder statesman of the theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folks. Ignoring the fact that their greatest attraction to the public is their complete lack of resemblance to normal human beings.
Funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you get back to being a woman.
I have lived in the theater as a Trappist monk lives in his faith. I have no other world; no other life - and once in a great while, I experience that moment of revelation for which all true believers wait and pray. You were one. Jeanne Eagels another... there are others, three or four. Eve Harrington will be among them.
I haven't got a union. I'm slave labor.
I'll never forget this night as long as I live, and I'll never forget you for making it possible.
I'll tell ya how, like, like she's studyin' you, like you was a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, eat, think, sleep.
If nothing else, there's applause... like waves of love pouring over the footlights and wrapping you up.
It's Addison from start to finish. It drips with his brand of venom. Taking advantage of a kid like that, twisting her words, making her say what he wanted her to say.
Then stop being a star. And stop treating your guests as your supporting cast... It's about time Margo realized that what's attractive on stage need not necessarily be attractive off.
Lloyd never got around somehow to asking whether it was all right with me for Eve to play Cora. Bill, oddly enough, refused to direct the play at first - with Eve in it. Lloyd and Max finally won him over. Margo never came to rehearsal. Too much to do around the house, she said. I'd never known Bill and Lloyd to fight as bitterly and often and always over some business for Eve, or a move, or the way she read a speech. But then I'd never known Lloyd to meddle as much with Bill's directing, as far as it affected Eve, that is. Somehow Eve kept them going. Bill stuck it out. Lloyd seemed happy. And I thought it might be best if I skipped rehearsals from then on. It seemed to me I had known always that it would happen, and here it was. I felt helpless, that helplessness you feel when you have no talent to offer - outside of loving your husband. How could I compete? Everything Lloyd loved about me, he had gotten used to long ago.
I like that girl, that quality of quiet graciousness.
Lloyd Richards. He's going to leave Karen. We're going to be married... Lloyd loves me, I love him... I'm in love with Lloyd... Oh Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go. He'll write great plays for me, I'll make them great.
Lloyd, I am not twenty-ish. I am not thirty-ish. Three months ago, I was forty years old. Forty. Four oh - that slipped out. I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I suddenly feel as if I've taken all my clothes off.
Autograph fiends, they're not people. Those are little beasts that run around in packs like coyotes... They're nobody's fans. They're juvenile delinquent, they're mental defective, and nobody's audience. They never see a play or a movie even. They're never indoors long enough.
Margo Channing is a Star of the Theater. She made her first stage appearance, at the age of four, in Midsummer Night's Dream. She played a fairy and entered - quite unexpectedly - stark naked. She has been a Star ever since. Margo is a great Star. A true star. She never was or will be anything less or anything else.
Never have I been so happy... I'm forgiving tonight, even Eve, I forgive Eve... Do you know what I'm going to be?... A married lady... No more make believe off stage or on. Remember, Lloyd? I mean it now... I don't want to play Cora... It isn't the part. It's a great part in a fine play. But not for me anymore. Not for a four-square, upright, downright, forthright married lady... It means I finally got a life to live. I don't have to play parts I'm too old for, just because I've got nothing to do with my nights.
Newton, they say, thought of gravity by getting hit on the head by an apple. And the man who invented the steam engine - he was watching a tea kettle. Not me. My big idea came to me just sitting on a couch. That boot in the rear to Margo. Heaven knows she had one coming. From me, from Lloyd, from Eve, Bill, Max, and so on. We'd all felt those size 5's of hers often enough. But how? The answer was buzzing around me like a fly. I had it. But I let it go. Screaming and calling names is one thing, but this could mean... Why not? Why, I said to myself, not? It would all seem perfectly legitimate. And there were only two people in the world who would know. Also, the boot would land where it would do the most good for all concerned. And after all, it was no more than a perfectly harmless joke that Margo herself would be the first to enjoy. And no reason why she shouldn't be told about it - in time.
Nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be.
She can play Peck's Bad Boy all she wants and who's to stop her? Who's to give her that boot in the rear she needs and deserves?
She is the wife of a playwright, therefore of the theater by marriage. Nothing in her background or breeding should have brought her any closer to the stage than Row E, Center. However, during her senior year at Radcliffe, Lloyd Richards lectured on the drama. The following year, Karen became Mrs. Lloyd Richards.
Suddenly, I've developed a big protective feeling for her. A lamb loose in our big stone jungle.
The atmosphere is very MacBeth-ish... what has, or is about to, happen?
The bed looks like a dead animal act.
The little witch must have sent out Indian runners, snatching critics out of bars and steam rooms and museums, or wherever they holed up. Well, she won't get away with it, nor will Addison De Witt and his poison pen. If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I shall personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. De Witt's ugly throat.
There are in general two types of theatrical producers. One has a great many wealthier friends who will risk a tax deductible loss. This type is interested in art. The other is one to whom each production means potential ruin or fortune. This type is out to make a buck.
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. To each of us and all of us, never have we been more close, may we never be farther apart.
To those of you who do not read, attend the theater, listen to unsponsored radio programs or know anything of the world in which you live - it is perhaps necessary to introduce myself. My name is Addison De Witt. My native habitat is the theater. In it, I toil not, neither do I spin. I am a critic and commentator. I am essential to the theater.
We all have abnormality in common. We're a breed apart from the rest of humanity, we theatre folk; We are the original displaced personalities.
When you're a secretary in a brewery, it's pretty hard to make-believe you're anything else. Everything is beer.
Guess what I'm going to do? What? I'm going to come back from the dead. Ohhh. And what makes you think you can do that? Because I'm rich.
I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm sorry if I ruined your birthday. And I'm sorry if I made your being dead an unpleasant experience.
Well I don't see why you're getting so upset about all this. Because I want my body back! And I want my freedom and my privacy! And most of all, I'd like to be able to take a leak without being fondled! You may find this hard to believe, but "fondling you" while you make pee-pee is not my idea of a good time.
Miss Cutwater, as your attorney, I must advise you - your will can be challenged if you are deemed to be... not of sound mind. Why, you presumptious ambulance chaser. Are you implying that I am not of sound mind? No, I wouldn't do that. But I think everyone else in the solar system might.
You'll have to do it. Do what? You know, take it out. Take what out? The little fireman. The little fireman? You know, my penis. How dare you say penis to a dead person.
Oh, Roger! I see what you mean about enjoying life! It's to be savoured! I am going to kill you. I was just trying to help... You failed! Since you started helping me, in the last twenty-four hours, I've lost my girl, my job, I've alienated my dog! I broke my sunglasses! You can't even get that kind anymore. Stop helping me!! You know, you are so ungrateful. If it wasn't for me, you would get that partnership, and then you'd have to take cases like that, and kiss your father's high ideals goodbye. You'd also be married to Peggy; you call that savouring life? Oh, look who's talking! I spent my life in a sick bed. What's your excuse? It's just like a dead person to say that.
Once, my parents hired a clown to entertain me. But he didn't like me! So when my parents were in the room, he'd just sit there, and didn't lift a finger to amuse me! That's a terrible clown.
Listen, lady. Just because my grandfather didn't rape the environment and exploit the workers doesn't make me a peasant. And it's not that he didn't want to rape the environment and exploit the workers; I'm sure he did. It's just that as a barber, he didn't have that much opportunity.
I don't believe this. I can't even die right.
You really know how to pack them in.
You're like an energy vampire. You suck the life out of people and take the fun out of being a lawyer.
Don't look at me like that. I'm not going in there as a messenger boy; I'm a trained legal advisor. No more being looked down on by people who think they're better than I am because they're rich. From now on, I'm gonna be respected... by people who think they're better than I am because they're rich.
You bought me a gravestone for my thirty-eighth birthday?!
How dare you say "penis" to a dead person.
Is everyone here bananas?
You are rude, crude, and thoroughly unattractive.
I won't be a cripple. I won't live, I tell you... I'll kill myself the first chance I get! I won't live! I won't live!
They've cut my leg off. Why didn't they tell me?... I can't walk any more.
You're not much to begin with, but I'll do my best. The first thing to do is to forget everything you ever knew, everything you ever learned - forget! See. Forget what you've been, and what you think you're going to be. You're going to be soldiers, and that's all. I'll take the mother's milk out of you, I'll make you hard-boiled. I'll make soldiers out of you, or kill you!
But we know how to honor the soldier who goes on in spite of love and death. Hey, look, new coffins. And they even sent us the stuff to fill 'em with!
Oh, Paul. You're a soldier now, aren't you? Somehow, I don't seem to know you... Are you really here Paul? You won't disappear, will you?
They never taught us anything really useful, like how to light a cigarette in the wind, or make a fire out of wet wood, or bayonet a man in the belly.
This story is neither an accusation nor a confession, and least of all an adventure, for death is not an adventure to those who stand face to face with it. It will try simply to tell of a generation of men who, even though they may have escaped its shells, were destroyed by the war...
You couldn't do anything about it. We all have to kill. We can't help it. That's what we are here for... Now don't you lose any more sleep over this business. Maybe it was because I was out there with him so long, huh?... After all, war is war.
There's something I want to say to you, Paul. It's just be on your guard against the women out there. They're no good. Where we are, there aren't any women, Mother. Be very careful at the front, Paul... I'll pray for you every day and if you could get a job that's not quite so dangerous.
And how are things out there? Terrible, eh? Terrible. But we must carry on. After all, you at least get decent food out there. Naturally it's worse here. Naturally but the best for our soldiers all the time. That's our motto: "The best for our soldiers". But you must give the Frenchies a good licking. There's the line. It runs so. Shove ahead out there, and don't stick to that everlasting trench warfare. When you get in it, war isn't the way it looks back here. Oh! You don't know anything about it. Of course, you're needed. But this relates to the whole, and you can't judge that. Of course, you do your duty and you risk your life. But for that, you receive the highest honor.
Oh, I'm no good for back there any more, Kat. None of us are. We've been in this too long. The young men thought I was a coward because I told them that we learned that death is stronger than duty to one's country. The old men said: "Go on! Push on to Paris!" My father even wanted me to wear my uniform around him. It's not home back there anymore. All I could think of was: "I'd like to get back and see Kat again." You're all I've got left, Kat. I'm not much to have left. I missed you Paul. At least we know what it's all about out here. There are no lies here. "Push on to Paris?" You ought to see what they've got on the other side. They eat white bread over there. They've got dozens of airplanes to our one. And tanks that'll go over anything. And what have we got? Guns so worn they've dropped shells on our own men. No food, no ammunition, no officers. "Push on to Paris?" So that's the way they talk back there.
You see, we haven't eaten since breakfast, we thought maybe you could tell us what we ought to do about it. Eat without further delay. It's a bad town to bring an appetite to, soldier. We've been here since yesterday morning and we've been living on a bale of hay and razor blades.
You must speak to them. You must tell them what it means to serve your Fatherland. No, no, I can't tell them anything. You must Paul, just a word. Just tell them how much they're needed out there. Tell them why you went and what it meant to you. I can't say anything. Can't you remember some deed of heroism, some touch of nobility to tell about? I can't tell you anything you don't know. We live in the trenches out there. We fight. We try not to be killed. Sometimes we are. That's all. No, no Paul. I've been there. I know what it's like. But that's not what one dwells on, Paul. I heard you in here reciting that same old stuff, making more iron men, more young heroes. You still think it's beautiful and sweet to die for your country, don't you? We used to think you knew. The first bombardment taught us better. It's dirty and painful to die for your country. When it comes to dying for your country, it's better not to die at all. There are millions out there dying for their country, and what good is it? You asked me to tell them how much they're needed out there. He tells you, "Go out and die", you know. But if you'll pardon me, it's easier to say "go out and die" than it is to do it. Coward. And it's easier to say it than to watch it happen. You're a coward. No! No! Boys! Boys! I'm sorry about that, but I must say... There's no use talking like this. You won't know what I mean - only, it's been a long while since we enlisted out of this classroom. So long, I thought maybe the whole world had learned by this time. Only now, they're sending babies, and they won't last a week. I shouldn't have come on leave. Up at the front, you're alive or you're dead and that's all. And you can't fool anybody about that very long. And up there, we know we're lost and done for, whether we're dead or alive. Three years we've had of it, four years, and every day a year, and every night a century. And our bodies are earth. And our thoughts are clay. And we sleep and eat with death. And we're done for, because you can't live that way and keep anything inside you. I shouldn't have come on leave. I'll go back tomorrow. I've got four days more, but I can't stand it here. I'll go back tomorrow.
Dead. He's dead. Why did you risk your life bringing him in? But it's Behm, my friend. It's a corpse, no matter whose it is. Now, don't any of ya ever do that again.
Well, how do they start a war? Well, one country offends another. How could one country offend another? You mean there's a mountain over in Germany gets mad at a field over in France? Well, stupid. One people offends another. Oh, that's it. I shouldn't be here at all. I don't feel offended. It don't apply to tramps like you. Good. Then I can be going home right away... The Kaiser and me... Me and the Kaiser felt just alike about this war. We didn't neither of us want any war, so I'm going home. He's there already. Somebody must have wanted it. Maybe it was the English. No, I don't want to shoot any Englishman. I never saw one 'til I came up here. And I suppose most of them never saw a German 'til they came up here. No, I'm sure they weren't asked about it. Well, it must be doing somebody some good. Not me and the Kaiser. I think maybe the Kaiser wanted a war. You leave us out of this. I don't see that. The Kaiser's got everything he needs. Well, he never had a war before. Every full-grown Emperor needs one war to make him famous. Why, that's history. Yeah, Generals too. They need war. And manufacturers. They get rich. Nobody wants it in particular. And then all at once, here it is. We didn't want it. The English didn't want it. And here we are fighting. I'll tell ya how it should all be done. Whenever there's a big war comin' on, you should rope off a big field. And sell tickets. Yeah, and, and, on the big day, you should take all the kings and their cabinets and their generals, put them in the center dressed in their underpants and let 'em fight it out with clubs. The best country wins.
Here is one of the first to go, a lad who sat before me on these very benches who gave up all to serve in the first year of the war. One of the iron youth who have made Germany invincible in the field. Look at him, sturdy and bronze and clear-eyed, the kind of soldier every one of you should envy.
I say "You must, it is your comrades, it is not and idiotic command." And again: "What does it matter to me, I have only one life to lose."
Stop that! I can't listen to that. Why do you take so long to die? You're going to die anyway. No, no. You won't die. No, no, You won't die. They're only little wounds. You'll get home. You'll be all right. You'll get home long before I will. You know I can't run away. That's why you accuse me. I tell you I didn't want to kill you. I tried to keep you alive. If you jumped in here again, I wouldn't do it... You see, when you jumped in here, you were my enemy - and I was afraid of you. But you're just a man like me, and I killed you. Forgive me, comrade. Say that for me. Say you forgive me! Oh, no, you're dead! Only you're better off than I am - you're through - they can't do any more to you now. Oh, God! Why did they do this to us? We only wanted to live, you and I. Why should they send us out to fight each other? If they threw away these rifles and these uniforms, you could be my brother, just like Kat and Albert. You'll have to forgive me, comrade. I'll do all I can. I'll write to your parents. I'll write to your wife. I'll write to her. I promise she'll not want for anything. And I'll help her, and your parents, too. Only forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me...
You are the life of the Fatherland, you boys - you are the iron men of Germany. You are the gay heroes who will repulse the enemy when you are called to do so. It is not for me to suggest that any of you should stand up and offer to defend his country. But I wonder if such a thing is going through your heads. I know that in one of the schools, the boys have risen up in the classroom and enlisted in a mass. If such a thing should happen here, you would not blame me for a feeling of pride. Perhaps some will say that you should not be allowed to go yet - that you have homes, mothers, fathers, that you should not be torn away by your fathers so forgetful of their fatherland... by your mothers so weak that they cannot send a son to defend the land which gave them birth. And after all, is a little experience such a bad thing for a boy? Is the honor of wearing a uniform something from which we should run? And if our young ladies glory in those who wear it, is that anything to be ashamed of?... To be foremost in battle is a virtue not to be despised. I believe it will be a quick war. There will be few losses. But if losses there must be, then let us remember the Latin phrase which must have come to the lips of many a Roman when he stood in battle in a foreign land:... Sweet and fitting it is to die for the Fatherland... Now our country calls. The Fatherland needs leaders. Personal ambition must be thrown aside in the one great sacrifice for our country. Here is a glorious beginning to your lives. The field of honor calls you.
Now you're gonna see some shell fire, and you're gonna be scared... Never mind. It's happened to better men than you. And it's happened to me. When we come back, I'll get you all some nice, clean underwear!
I saw him die. I didn't know what it was like to die before! And then, then I came outside and it felt so good to be alive, that I started in to walk fast. I began to think of the strangest things like bein' out in the fields, things like that. You know - girls. Then it felt as if there were something electric running from the ground up through me. And I started. And I began to run hard and I passed soldiers, and I heard voices calling to me, and I ran and I ran, and I felt as if I couldn't breathe enough air into me. And now I'm hungry.
Oh God. This is Franz Kemmerich, only 19 years old. He doesn't want to die. Please don't let him die.
Out of 20, three are officers, nine dead, Muller and three others wounded, and one in the mad house. We'll all be dead someday so let's forget it.
Replacements are all like that. Not even old enough to carry a pack. All they know how to do is die.
Sometime I'm gonna take one of you volunteers apart - find out what makes you leave school and join the army. Hey, this is no parade ground.
That cannon shell you don't have to pay much attention to. Those big fellas just make a lot of noise and land about five miles behind the line. The things we've got to watch out for are them black ones. They don't give you much warning... Mother Earth - press yourselves down upon her! Bury yourselves deep into her! Just keep your eyes on me. When you see me flop, you flop, only try to beat me to it.
There used to be some food in the sawdust. Now it's all sawdust. No joke either.
There's 80 of us left. The rest is in dressing stations or pushing up daisies.
If he were out, the war would be over. You remember what he always said: "They're savin' him for the last."
It's gonna be a real war again.
You see, Sammy, in California everybody needs a car. I got a friend who bought a Mercedes just to get to the bathroom.
There's all this bullshit about death with dignity. You know what death with dignity is, man? You don't drool.
This chick, man, without the benefit of dying herself, has broken down the process of death into five stages: anger, denial, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. Sounds like a Jewish law firm. "Good morning, Angerdenialbargainingdepressionacceptance!"
Give it to me! Bye bye life, Bye bye happiness, hello loneliness, I think he's gonna die. Bye bye life, Bye bye happiness, Hello emptiness, I think he's gonna die. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. Goodbye your life, goodbye.
Ladies and gentleman, let me lay on you a so-so entertainer, not much of a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend. In his final appearance on the great stage of life - uh, you can applaud if you want to - Mr. Joe Gideon!
Do you believe in love? I believe in saying, "I love you." It helps you concentrate.
Quick. Tell me. What was the name of the girl in Philadelphia, the blonde with the television show? Ah, the blonde with the television show. The blonde with the television show in Philadelphia? I remember that girl's name. I remember that girl's name because that girl meant something to me. The blonde with the television show - her name was Sweetheart! Honey? Baby? I can't remember her name. Dorothy. Dorothy. Who cares? I can't remember her name.
Oh, fuck him! He never picks me! Honey, I did fuck him and he never picks me either.
Why do you suppose she'd put up with this? I could think of many reasons for being with you. Now, don't bullshit a bullshitter.
A great entertainer... A great entertainer! A great humanitarian... A great humanitarian! And my dear friend for 25 years... And my dearest friend for 20 years! You missed by five years, Joe. Oh boy, do I hate show business! Joe, you love show business. Oh, that's right. I love show business. I'll go either way.
I always look for the worst in people. A little of yourself in them? Yeah, a little of myself. And generally, I find it. Well, it may take you years, but you'll find it. Oh, you are cute. You are cute.
Katie, I tried to give you everything I could give. Oh, you give all right; presents, clothes. I just wish you weren't so generous with your cock.
Nothing I ever do is good enough. It's not beautiful enough, it's not funny enough, it's not deep enough, it's not anything enough. Now, when I see a rose, that's perfect. I mean, that's perfect. I want to look up to God and say "How the hell did you do that? And why the hell can't I do that?" Now that's probably one of your better con lines. Yeah, it it. But that doesn't mean I don't mean it.
It's just that I keep wondering, Dad. Why don't you get married again? I don't get married again, because I can't find anyone I dislike enough to inflict that kind of torture on.
No, you're right. I'm terrible. I know I'm terrible. I look in the mirror and I'm embarrassed. Maybe I should quit. I just can't seem to do anything right. Listen, I can't make you a great dancer. I don't even know if I can make you a good dancer. But, if you keep trying and don't quit, I know I can make you a better dancer. I'd like very much to do that. Stay? Are you going to keep yelling at me? Probably.
To be on the wire is life. The rest is waiting. That's very theatrical, Joe. Yeah, I know. Did you make that up? I wish I had.
Who was that? Michael Graham. Who is Michael Graham? A dancer in my ballet class. Straight or gay? What do you mean? I mean, is looking to get laid or is he looking for Mr. Right? He's straight. And tall. Michael Graham is a very tall name. Ho ho ho... Goddamn you, how dare you use my phone! My telephone! To call someone who is not gay! I see! You can go out with any girl in town. Any girl. That's right! I go out with any girl in town. I stay in with you.
Hey, at least I won't have to lie to you anymore.
It's showtime, folks!
If I die, I'm sorry for all the bad things I did to you. And if I live, I'm sorry for all the bad things I'm gonna do to you.
Do you supposed Stanley Kubrick ever gets depressed?
Sometimes, I don't know where the bullshit ends and the truth begins.
Stop smiling! Lay back! Lay back! Hold it, hold it, hold it. Candy, Casey, very good. You're gonna do it again, Victoria. Gary, Danny, let's go. Stop smiling, it's not the high school play. Count! Hold it. Stand on your right foot. Point your left toe. Drop the shoulder. Now, that's not too hard, is it? Again!
The pain is gone. I'm OK. Nothing wrong with me a rewrite of the show wouldn't cure. A couple of good jokes is what I need.
You stay on your side of the fence, I'll stay on mine.
Kanoma's recent school tragedy serves as a potent reminder that a man named Willie Stark, a citizen of Kanoma City and defeated candidate for County Treasurer, fought bitterly against the awarding of our schoolhouse contract. His was "the voice in the wilderness" that fell on deaf ears, and the children of Kanoma City paid the price. Nothing can ease the pain in the brave hearts of our bereaved parents who suffered their loss bravely.
Jack, there's something on everybody. Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption.
I made a mistake once, Jack, when I resigned, but it was too easy then just resigning and pulling out. Well, Jack, I've made my choice. I have nothing more to lose.
And so the eyes of the entire nation are now focused upon Governor Willie Stark. An amazing phenomenon on the American political scene. The whole state is filled with his accomplishments. Each one of them, of course, bearing his personal signature to make sure that no one will ever forget who gave them to the state. This is the way the roads used to be, but there are those who claim that they were adequate for the people's needs, that you don't need a four or six lane highway for a horse and buggy. When Stark boasts of his great school system, his critics say, "You can't go to school and work in the fields at the same time", and they question the benefit of these projects, charging that the need and poverty of the people is as great as before. Willie Stark has never forgotten the source of his power - the people who supported him. He still keeps his touch with these people of the backwoods, making periodic trips to such places as Kanoma City, now famous as his birthplace. For those who say that Willie Stark is a man of destiny, there are others who claim that he is a man of evil, a man who cares neither for the people or the state, but only for his own personal power and ambition. Obviously, these ambitions go far beyond the boundaries of the state. Just how far, only time will tell. Meanwhile, he is here, and from the looks of things, he is here to stay. Willie Stark - Messiah or Dictator?
A medical examination revealed that he was beaten to death. The ugly charge of official murder has been hurled at the administration by a coalition of Stark's opponents led by Judge Stanton, lately an outspoken critic of the administration. Thus, an almost forgotten incident provided the spark that might set off the explosion needed to rock Willie Stark out of power. The latest report is that impeachment proceedings may be instituted...
I remember when you first started talking, in a place called Upton. You did a lot of talking then, and the things you said made sense to me and a lot of other people. I believed in you, I followed you, and I fought for you. Well, the words are still good, but you're not. And I don't believe you ever were.
I tried to explain to him that it wasn't the way he thought it was. How was it, Anne? You tell me. He hit me, Jack. My own brother, he hit me. Your brother's an old-fashioned man. He believes in his sister's honor. Me, I'm a modern man, the 20th-century type, I run. I'm frightened, Jack. For who, your brother or Willie? We're through. Who's through with who? He called me this afternoon. He's going back to Lucy. He said it was better this way. Better for who, him? Both of us. Did he tell you that too when he asked you to betray the judge? At least I walked out on him. Oh Jack, help me, please! Please! Adam's all I've got left now. Oh Jack, if you ever loved me. If I ever loved you?... I'll go find Adam.
Anne, Burden's Landing is a place on the moon. It isn't real. It doesn't exist. It's me, pretending I live on what I earn. It's my mother, trying to keep herself young and drinking herself old doing it. She and Adam living in this house as though your father was still alive. It's an old man like the judge, dreaming of the past. Anne, come away with me. And do what? Live in a shack and eat red beans. Anne, what do you want me to do? Oh Jack, you haven't been sure. You've gone from one thing to the other. A year at law school and now this job as a reporter. Are you afraid I can't make a living? Oh no Jack, it isn't that. I don't care about the money. It's just that I, I want you to be something. What is it you want me to be? I don't know. It's just that I want you to be, to do something important. Like your father? All right, I'll run for governor. Anne, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I said that. All right, Jack. I'll go away with you. I'll do anything you want me to. I've wanted you to say that more than anything in the world. And now that you have said it - Anne, I guess you were right. I'm not sure of anything, including myself. I'm not sure I could live up to the... Anne, wait for me. Please wait for me. I'll wait for you.
Anne, where are you going? I don't know. Leave me alone. To do what? I don't care. No, that's too easy. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know! I do. Leave me alone, please. No, no more. He's dead. We're alive. My brother's dead. We've got to go on living. How? So that Adam's death has meaning. So that it wasn't wasted. Anne, our life has to give his death meaning. Don't you see that? Look at those people. LOOK AT THEM! They still believe. And we've got to make them see Willie the way Adam always saw him or there's no meaning in anything, anything.
I learned something from him. You can't make an omelette without cracking eggs. Or heads? But at least a hospital will be built and the sick will be cared for. At what price? At any price. Do you really believe that, Jack? I really believe that Stark wants to do good. You do too. It's a matter of method. Many times, out of evil comes good. Pain is evil. As a doctor, you should know that. Pain is an evil. It is not evil. It is not evil in itself. Stark is evil. The people of this state don't think so. How would they know? The first thing Stark did was to take over the newspapers and the radio stations. Why be so afraid of criticism? If Stark is interested in doing good, he should also be interested in the truth. I don't see how you can separate the two. No, Stark is not for me. No, Stark is not for you. Well, what's for you? Pride, pride, that's all it is, foolish, stupid pride. All you've ever talked about is what you could do if somebody would tear down and build. All right, all right, somebody has and he's given it to you. But he's not for you. No, he's not for you.
Why did you do it? He wasn't like anybody I ever knew before. You mean he wasn't like me. He wasn't like anybody I ever knew before. I love him, I guess. I guess that's the reason. Everybody loves him. He wants to marry me. Are you going to? Not now, it would hurt him. Divorce would hurt his career. His career! Jack, Jack, what are you going to do? You can't leave him now. He needs you now more than he ever did before. What Willie needs, Willie's got. You don't know him. You've known him all these years and you don't really know him at all. What about Adam? Adam? Well, you don't have to worry about him. If Adam finds out, it'll be easy to prove a Stanton is no different than anyone else. Just show him these. Willie was right. Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption, even Judge Stanton. Show them to him, Anne. Change the picture of the world that Adam has in his head, just like our picture of it has been changed. Wipe out everything he's ever believed in, it'll be good for him. There's no god but Willie Stark. I'm his prophet and you're his... Anne, Anne, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. Anne.
You don't have to be smart to frame a guy like Willie Stark. No, no brother, you don't. It is a frame, isn't it?... To split the vote and win the election for Harrison, huh? You know, why do ya ask? I just want to make sure. Look, why don't you tell the boys to save their money? Willie couldn't steal a vote from Abe Lincoln in the cradle of the Confederacy. I wish the poor... had enough sense to have somebody give him a good reason for the beating he's going to get. 'Cause this way, all he gets out of it is the ride. Hey, those speeches, ain't they awful? Ain't they just plain awful? Question to you: If somebody told him he was a sucker, do you think he'd quit? I don't know, Sadie. I really don't know.
How'd you get him here? He was out stiff. The hair of the dog that bit him. Hair? He must have swallowed the dog.
Now he needs us, now that he's in trouble, he needs us so he can lead us around like monkeys with rings in our nose so he can say to people, "Look at me, feel sorry for me. Just a family man with a wife and a crippled son." Shut up! Willie! Why don't you leave us alone?.. How many scrapes have I gotten him out of? How many girls? Willie, stop! It's not him they're after, it's me. How many half-witted apes do you think I'm gonna have to pay to square this one? What do you think this is gonna cost me? What do you think it cost him? A man builds for his son, that's all he builds for.
It was separated from the mainland by a body of water. For the first time, I wondered if it wasn't separated by more than that.
As I watched him shake his big fist and listened to his words boom out across that field, I had the feeling that here was a man with a will of iron. I had the feeling that Willie Stark would neither be steered away nor scared away from his purpose. I had the feeling that in Willie Stark, Kanoma County had found that rare thing: an honest man with courage.
You've been framed, you poor sap... Oh you decoy, you wooden-head decoy, and you let 'em. You know what you are? Well, you're the goat. You are the sacrificial goat. You are a sap because you let 'em... They didn't have to pay a sap like you. Oh no. You were so full of yourself and hot air. All you wanted was a chance to stand up on your hind legs and make a speech, "My Friends. My Friends, What This State Needs is a Good Five-Cent Cigar."
But Willie wasn't drifting. He knew where he was going. He had his foot in the door and he kept right on pushing to get in. He had lost the election, but he had won the state - and he knew it, and the people knew it. They were all hopping on his bandwagon, even Tiny Duffy. Yup, Willie came back like he said he would...
Could have been whole world - Willie Stark. The whole world - Willie Stark. Why does he do it to me - Willie Stark? Why?
Do you know what good comes out of?... Out of bad. That's what good comes out of. Because you can't make it out of anything else. You didn't know that, did you?
I have nothing to hide - I'll make a deal with the devil if it will help me carry out my program. But believe me, there are no strings attached to those deals.
I kept saying to myself that Willie was wrong about the judge. If there was anything left at Burden's Landing, it was honor. I had to believe that.
I'll tell you what you are. You're scared. You sat in that big easy chair of yours for thirty years and played at being a judge. And all of a sudden, I came along and put a bat in your hand and I said, "Go ahead, judge, start swinging." and you did, and you had a wonderful time. But now you're scared. You don't want to get your hands dirty. You want to pick up the marbles, but you don't want to get your hands dirty. Look at my whole program, Judge. How do ya think I put that across?... You're not by any chance thinkin' of going over to McMurphy's boys, are ya?
I'm going to build a hospital, the biggest that money can buy, and it will belong to you. Any man, woman, or child who is sick or in pain can go through those doors and know that everything will be done for them that man can do. To heal sickness, to ease pain, free - not as a charity but as a right. And it is your right, do you hear me? It is your right. And it is your right that every child should have a complete education. That any man that produces anything can take it to market without paying toll, and no poor man's land or farm can be taxed or taken away from him. And it is the right of the people that they shall not be deprived of hope.
I'm gonna run and you're not gonna stop me. I'm gonna run even if I don't get a single vote.
Just tell 'em you're gonna soak the fat boys and forget the rest of the tax stuff... Willie, make 'em cry, make 'em laugh, make 'em mad, even mad at you. Stir them up and they'll love it and come back for more, but, for heaven's sakes, don't try to improve their minds.
Money, I don't need money. People give me things... because they believe in me.
My friends. I have a speech here. It's a speech about what this state needs. There's no need in my telling you what this state needs. You are the state and you know what you need. You over there, look at your pants. Have they got holes in the knees? Listen to your stomach. Did you ever hear it rumble for hunger? And you, what about your crops? Did they ever rot in the field because the road was so bad you couldn't get 'em to market? And you, what about your kids? Are they growing up ignorant as dirt, ignorant as you 'cause there's no school for 'em? No, I'm not gonna read you any speech. But I am gonna tell you a story. It's a funny story so get ready to laugh... Get ready to bust your sides laughin', 'cause it's sure a funny story. It's about a hick. A hick like you, if you please. Yeah, like you. He grew up on the dirt roads and the gully washes of a farm. He knew what it was to get up before dawn and get feed and slop and milk before breakfast, and then set out before sunup and walk six miles to a one-room, slab-sided schoolhouse. Aw, this hick knew what it was to be a hick, all right. He figured if he was gonna get anything done, well, he had to do it himself. So he sat up nights and studied books. He studied law, because he thought he might be able to change things some - for himself and for folks like him. Now I'm not gonna lie to ya. He didn't start off thinkin' about the hicks and all the wonderful things he was gonna do for 'em. Naw, naw, he's done it all thinkin' of number one. But something came to him on the way. How he could do nothin' for himself without the help of the people. That's what came to him. And it also came to him with the powerful force of God's own lightning back in his own county when the school building collapsed 'cause it was built of politics' rotten brick. It killed and mangled a dozen kids. But you know that story. The people were his friends because he'd fought that rotten brick. And some of the politicians down in the city, they knew that, so they rode up to his house in a big, fine, shiny car and said as how they wanted him to run for governor... And he swallowed it. He looked in his heart and he thought, in all humility, how he'd like to try and change things. He was just a country boy who thought that even the plainest, poorest man can be governor if his fellow citizens find that he's got the stuff for the job. All those fellows in the striped pants, they saw that hick and they took him in... Now, listen to me, you hicks. Yeah, you're hicks too, and they fooled you a thousand times, just like they fooled me. But this time, I'm gonna fool somebody. I'm gonna stay in this race. I'm on my own and I'm out for blood. Now listen to me, you hicks! Listen to me, and lift up your eyes and look at God's blessed and unfly-blown truth. And this is the truth. You're a hick, and nobody ever helped a hick but a hick himself!... I'm the hick they were gonna use to split the hick vote. Well, I'm standin' here now on my hind legs. Even a dog can learn to do that. Are you standin' on your hind legs? Have you learned to do that much yet?
Now he had us all, me, Anne, and Adam. Now we all worked for him.
The chips were down and Willie knew it. He was fighting for his life. He roared across the state making speech after speech and all of them adding up to the same thing. It's not me they're after, it's you. Willie hollered FOUL. Willie knew if you hollered long enough, hard enough, and loud enough, people begin to believe you. Just in case they didn't, he organized spontaneous demonstrations... In case anyone hollered back, he organized spontaneous slugging. Willie pulled every trick he ever knew - and added a few more... And always the trail led to one place, to Burden's Landing and the Judge.
There's a time to talk and there's a time to act. I think the time to act is right now, and with your support, I not only will win, but I will do all of the things I promise. I need your help - oh, I need it badly, but I'm not gonna beg for it. In the name of this state, which we love, in the name of the governor in whose house we meet, I demand it.
They tried to ruin me but they are ruined. They tried to ruin me, because they did not like what I have done. Do you like what I have done? Remember, it is not I who have won, but you. Your will is my strength, and your need is my justice, and I shall live in your right and your will. And if any man tries to stop me from fulfilling that right and that will, I'll break him. I'll break him with my bare hands, for I have the strength of many.
What if it is his bribe? He swept the old gang out of office. What if they hollered like stuck pigs? He jammed through bill after bill and the people got what they wanted... He started to build the roads, schools, power dams, to change the face of the state from one end to the other. His methods? Politics is a dirty game and he played it rough and dirty. Willie's little black book was a record of sin and corruption. And me, Jack Burden, I kept the book and added up the accounts. Clown, show-off, playboy they yelled at him. Building football stadiums, fiercely proud of his son who played... He said he was building up a private army, but he was building, always building, always playing up to the crowd, letting them trample on tradition. Well, tradition needed trampling on. The crowds loved it, and Willie loved it, and so did I.
Why have they used every dirty method known to make sure I'm not elected County Treasurer? Well, I'll tell ya why - because they're afraid of the truth, and the truth is this. They're trying to steal your money. Yeah, I said steal. The County Commissioners rejected the low bid on the schoolhouse. Why? Well, they'll tell ya the reason is the job will be done better. The County Commissioners would have you believe that they're interested in public welfare. They're interested in welfare, sure, but it's their own.
Will I find anything, Judge? Will I? I didn't find it all at once. It takes a long time to go through old courthouse records and musty deeds, a very long time. But it wasn't too hard for me. I was well trained in research, especially this kind. I found what I didn't want to find.
Willie was right. He'd learned how to win. He spent a lot of money doing it. An awful lot of money. I was beginning to wonder where he got it from. There were rumors throughout the state that Willie was making deals with all kinds of people, strange deals... The second time out, it wasn't a campaign, it was a slaughter. It was Saturday night in a mining town. Yup, Willie came back like he said he would. He came back and he took me with him.
Yeah, I can see it. I gotta look in the mirror to be able to see it. Soft white skin, not like mine. I had smallpox when I was a kid. Where I lived, it seemed nearly all the kids had smallpox. It leaves your face hard. And she's got poise. Look at the way she holds her head at just the right angle. That takes training, that takes years of training. I see what Willie sees. Willie's got big ideas, Jack... A girl like that could be a governor's wife or even a president... He ditched Lucy, he ditched me, and he'll ditch you... He'll ditch everybody in the whole world because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him... You and your high-toned friends. What do they know? What do they know about anything? Why did you have to mix her in?
You know, Judge, dirt's a funny thing. Some of it rubs off on everybody.
Aw baby, you can get it up... I just wonder if you'll ever be able to get it together.
I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them. I wish I could put down on paper what it's like - you come to Washington because you believe in something, and then you get inside and you see how things actually work and you watch your ideals disintegrate. The people inside, the people in the White House, they start to believe they can suspend the rules because they're fulfilling a mission. That becomes the only important thing - the mission. It's so easy to lose perspective. We want to get out before we lose ours altogether.
All that crap, you're putting it in the paper? It's all been denied. You tell your publisher - tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published. Good Christ! That's the most sickening thing I ever heard.
The White House has had no involvement whatever in this particular incident.
On the record let me say just this: the story is totally untrue. On background, I'd like to add that Bob Haldeman is one of the greatest public servants this country has ever had and the story is a goddamned lie.
I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid - a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through. All those articles you people write - where do you find that stuff? We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax. I'm relaxed - light your cigarette. You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse? I never worked for Sloan or Stans. Would you like some coffee or anything? Please, yes, thank you. Can I sit down for a minute? One minute but then-- Right, right, I've got to go. Why did you lie just then? I was just curious - you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it? No... never in so many words... It's obvious you want to talk to someone - well, I'm someone.
The General Accounting report said there was a 350 thousand cash slush fund in Stans' safe. Did you know about that from the beginning? There are too many people watching me - they know I know a lot. It was all in hundreds, wasn't it? A lot of it was. I just thought it was sort of an all-purpose political fund - you know, for taking fat cats to dinner, things like that. Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars. I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried. Which people? The ones who could disburse the money... I don't want to say anymore... You haven't finished telling me about the money. Omigod, there was so much of it, six million came in one two-day period - six million cash, we couldn't find enough places to put it. I thought it was all legal, I guess I did, til after the break-in, when I remembered Gordon got so much of it. Gordon Liddy, you mean? It was all so crazy - the day after the break-in he gave us a speech, bouncing up and down on his heels in that loony way of his - Gordon told us not to let Jim McCord ruin everything - don't let one bad apple spoil the barrel, he said. You just know that when Gordon Liddy's calling someone a bad apple, something's wrong somewhere. It's all so rotten... and getting worse... and all I care about is Hugh Sloan. His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right. And he quit. He quit because he saw it and didn't want any part of it. Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way. If you guys... if you guys could just get John Mitchell... that would be beautiful.
This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane - I would have sprung for a classier place. Anyplace really public, they'd know about it - they know everything at the Committee, Carl. You don't really think you're being followed? This girlfriend of mine at the Committee, the other day she went back to the D.A. to tell the things the FBI didn't ask her. That night, her boss, he knew what she'd done. They control everything; that's how they know it all. FBI too? You don't believe me? Well, I was working the weekend of the break-in and my God, all the executives were running around like crazy - you had to practically wait in line to use the shredding machine - and when the FBI came to investigate, they never even asked me about it. If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit? I don't know what they'd do to me. Hey, easy... We're a long way from high school, Carl, and I'm scared... They found out I saw you. They wanted to know everything. Don't call me again. I can help if you'll... Stay away from me, Carl!
We were hoping that maybe now you could... We know why you left the Committee. We know you're not guilty of anything. But we know you know who is. Look, come in. We'll have to be quiet - my wife's asleep... I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial. You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done. Then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written... They're worse. That's why I quit.
You heard? They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together. Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit. It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure. Forget it, the main thing - did you call me a failure? I was sure trying.
All non-denial denials - we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate. What's a real denial? If they ever start calling us goddamn liars, it's time to start circling the wagons.
This is an honest house. That's why we'd like to see your husband. Facing certain criminal charges that might be brought against some people that are innocent, we just feel that it would be... It's really for his benefit. No, it's not. No, it's not.
What's the topic for tonight? Ratfucking. In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats. I know what it means - Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House. Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government. Who? - be specific. How high up? You'll have to find that out, won't you.
You thought I'd help out on specifics? I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all. Are you guys really working? How much? I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day - we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up. Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House - the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand. If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me? Because the press stinks too - history on the run, that's all you're interested in. You come up with anything? John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth. Howard Hunt's been found - there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag. Follow the money. Always follow the money. What do you mean? Where? Oh, I can't tell you that. But you could tell me that. No, I have to do this my way. You tell me what you know, and I'll confirm. I'll keep you in the right direction if I can, but that's all. Just... follow the money.
You were doing so well and then you got stupid, you went too fast - Christ, what a royal screw up. I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post. You've done worse than let Haldeman slip away: you've got people feeling sorry for him. I didn't think that was possible. In a conspiracy like this, you build from the outer edges and go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months. Yes, we know that. And if we're wrong, we're resigning. Were we wrong? You'll have to find that out, won't you? I'm tired of your chickenshit games. I don't want hints, I want what you know!
I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story. I don't think we should cover the story, period. Go on. It's not that we're using unnamed sources that bothers me, or that everything we print the White House denies, or that almost no other papers are reprinting our stuff. What then? I don't believe the goddamn story, Howard, it doesn't make sense. It will, it just hasn't bottomed out yet, give it time. Ben, Jesus, there are over two thousand reporters in this town, are there five on Watergate? Where did we suddenly get all this wisdom?
Howard Hunt here. Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and-- Yes, yes, what is it? I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate? Good God!
Will you please state your professions. Anti-communists. Anti-communists? That, sir, is not your average profession. Your name, please. James McCord. Will you step forward, sir? And what is your occupation, Mr. McCord? Security consultant. Where? Government, uh, recently, uh, retired. Where in the government? Central Intelligence Agency. Where? The C.I.A. Holy shit.
Library. Hi. Carl Bernstein of the Washington Post. I was just wondering if you remember the names of any of the books that Howard Hunt checked out on Senator Kennedy. I think I do remember, he took out a whole bunch of material. Let me just go see. What do you think? Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant. Maybe a political operative of some sort. A spy, you mean? It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy. Mr. Bernstein? Yes, ma'am. What I said before? I was wrong. The truth is, I don't have a card that Mr. Hunt took out any Kennedy material. I remember getting that material out for somebody, but it wasn't Mr. Hunt. The truth is, I've never had any requests at all from Mr. Hunt. The truth is, I don't know Mr. Hunt.
I know who you are and I'm not afraid but that don't mean I'll talk to you either - you're just a couple Democrats out to stop Nixon getting re-elected. Democrats? That's right. I hate both parties. And I'm a Republican. Republican? Sure. Who'd you vote for? When? '68. Nixon.
Let me tell what happened when I was having lunch today at the Sans Souci. Correction - when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci. This White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein? Ask him what he's really saying - he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk. Well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so? Absolutely - and that's all they do, sit sit sit - every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting. Well, what if your boys get it wrong? Then it's our asses, isn't it? And we'll all have to go to work for a living.
No one in this administration, presently employed, was involved in this very bizarre incident. What really hurts in matters of this sort is not the fact that they occur, because overzealous people in campaigns do things that are wrong. What really hurts is if you try to cover it up. Did he just say what I think he said? You voted for him.
Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love? You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters - tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling? As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly. Except (a) it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters - and (b) these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying - a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices. Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills.
I'm a lawyer, and I'll probably go to jail, and be disbarred, and what did I do that was so awful? None of it was my idea, Carl - I didn't go looking for the job. Chapin did contact you then? Sure - off the record. On the orders of Haldeman? I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him - everybody's frightened of him - Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this - all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls. It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President. Can't help you. At USC, you had a word for this - screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking. Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all?
Anything? Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing - absolute page one stuff-- In other words, you got nothing, you're thumbsucking. Could develop.
Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years - so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of. Do you think the truth will come out at the trial? That's another of the things I'm not so sure of. Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors? We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear. To cover up? Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth. Does "they" mean the White House? As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that.
A friend at the Committee told us to contact you. Who was it? We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us. It's safe, try it, you'll see. We understand your problem... You believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal. We appreciate your position - really. You people - you think that you can come into someone's life, squeeze what you want, then get out. You don't appreciate a goddamn thing, mister. And you don't understand nothing. But the Committee's briefed us on you - so get the hell out of here. Do you like scaring the life out of decent people? - 'cause if you don't, in the name of God - stop it!
According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me. "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee." Isn't that what you'd expect them to say? Absolutely. So? I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty.
Carl? Yeah? Fuck you, Carl.
Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case-- I'm not here. OK. Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here", Mr. Caddy said. Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record. Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say.
This man Gordon Liddy - he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars - we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what. You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you? I did everything you said, but it all seemed-- Melodramatic? Things are past that - remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City. What's the whole thing about - do you know? What I know, you'll have to find out on your own. Liddy - you think there's a chance he'll talk? Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied "The trick is not minding."
This should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow-up on the break-in... and I was kind of curious about your check. Check? The twenty-five thousand dollar one... The one with your name on it... In Bernard Barker's Florida account... Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar. You're definitely doing a story? Yes, sir. I'm a proper citizen, I'm a decent man, I don't do anything that isn't decent or proper. I know I shouldn't tell you this... That twenty-five thousand dollars is money I collected for Nixon in this year's campaign. I see. And how do you think it reached Miami? I don't know; I really don't. The last time I saw it was when I was in Washington. I gave it to the Finance department of the Committee to Re-Elect the President. How it got to that burglar, your guess is as good as mine.
What the hell were you doing rewriting my story? I sure couldn't hurt it, could I? It was fine the way it was. It was bullshit the way it was. I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia? What have you been here, nine months? I been in this business since I was sixteen. And you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure. By the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau. You only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale. Bradlee went to Harvard. They're all the same, all those Ivy League places. They teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart. I'm smart enough to know my story was solid. Mine's better. No way. Read 'em both and you'll see. Crap. Is mine better? What is it about my writing that's so rotten? Mainly it has to do with your choice of words.
Who's Charles Colson? I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?" Who's Colson, Harry? The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name. The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel. Thanks, Harry. Know anything about Colson? Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow."
I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of?
Benjy, we got a present for you. Above the fold on page one for sure. It may not change our lives one way or the other. Just a good, solid piece of American Journalism that The New York Times doesn't have.
Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me - like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times - just say so.
I can't sell hints to Simons - you called everyone you know? Call someone you don't know.
All right, you made a mistake maybe, we all have, just don't make another. And watch your personal lives, who you hang around with. Someone once said the price of democracy is a bloodletting every ten years. Make sure it isn't our blood.
As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell...
At Yale once, they held an auction. There was this woman and her name was Lulu Landis. Her postcards came up for sale. She had 1400 postcards written to her and I'd never heard of her before but I knew I had to have those cards, I had to know why anyone would get so many messages. I paid sixty-five dollars for them... I got all crazy trying to work it out and first it was just a maze but then I found that her husband killed himself in Dayton, and once I had that, it all began to open, an evangelist had come to Dayton and his horses hit Lulu Landis at the corner of 13th and Vermillion and she was paralyzed. Permanently, and her favorite thing til then had been traveling and all her friends, whenever they went anyplace, they wrote her. Those cards, they were her eyes...
CREEP financed the Watergate break-in, Jesus Christ.
Either of you want a drink or should I order? Because - because our cocks are on the chopping block and you've got to be sure that you're not just dealing with people who hate Richard Nixon and want to get him through us. You see, I don't give a shit who's President - I really don't, it's an adversary situation between them and us and it's always gonna be. I never had a closer friend than Jack Kennedy and once I printed something that pissed him off and for seven months I didn't exist.
Goddammit, when is somebody going to go on the record in this story?!... You guys are about to write a story that says the former Attorney General, the highest-ranking law enforcement officer in this country, is a crook! Just be sure you're right... Leave plenty of room for his denial.
Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post - and - what's that? - you've never heard of me? - I can't help that - you don't believe I'm with the Post? - what do you want me to do, Madam, shout "extra - extra"?
I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops.
It's like they taught us at Harvard: few things are as gratifying to the soul as having another man's nuts in a vise.
My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit - it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow." And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" And he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper." Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all.
Now hold it, hold it. We're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman, who only happens to be the second most important man in America, of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House. It would be nice if we were right.
Once when I was reporting, Lyndon Johnson's top guy gave me the word they were looking for a successor to J. Edgar Hoover. I wrote it and the day it appeared Johnson called a press conference and appointed Hoover head of the FBI for life... And when he was done, he turned to his top guy and the President said, "Call Ben Bradlee and tell him fuck you." I took a lot of static for that - everyone said, "You did it, Bradlee, you screwed up - you stuck us with Hoover forever." I screwed up but I wasn't wrong. You guys haven't been wrong yet, is that why you're scared shitless? You should be.
The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean?
This is terrific work, if you like rejection.
You know the results of the latest Gallup Poll? Half the country never even heard of the word Watergate. Nobody gives a shit. You guys are probably pretty tired, right? Well, you should be. Go on home, get a nice hot bath. Rest up... 15 minutes. Then get your asses back in gear. We're under a lot of pressure, you know, and you put us there. Nothing's riding on this except the, uh, first amendment to the Constitution, freedom of the press, and maybe the future of the country. Not that any of that matters, but if you guys fuck up again, I'm gonna lose my temper. I promise you, you don't want me to lose my temper.
"Rock 'n' roll can save the world"? "The chicks are great"? I sound like a dick! I never said that!
"That groupie"? She was a Band-Aid! All she did was love your band. And you used her, all of you! You used her and threw her away! She almost died last night while you were with Bob Dylan. You guys, you're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans; she was your biggest fan, and you threw her away! And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem. And I love her! I love her!
A Mo-Jo, it's a very high-tech machine that transmits pages over the telephone! It only takes eighteen minutes a page!
You're not out there to join party. We've already got one Hunter Thompson.
I didn't invent the rainy day, man. I just own the best umbrella.
If you think that Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, well, then, you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
Fuck it! I'm... I'm gay!
She changed everything. She was the one that said "No more sex. No more exploiting our bodies and hearts." Just blow-jobs, and that's it!
FECK YOU! HEY! This is a house of lies! Well there it is, your sister used the "F" word. I think she said "feck". What's the difference? The letter "u".
Keep the small bills on the outside and call me if anyone gets drunk. I will call you if anyone anywhere gets drunk.
May I speak with William, please? He's not here. He's still in the bar with the band. They just got back from the radio station. Is this Maryann with the pot?... Hello? No, this isn't Maryann with the pot. This is Elaine. His mother. Could you please give him a message? Could you tell him to call home immediately? And could you also tell him - I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON. All right. But I'm just going to say this, and I'm going to stand by it: you should be really proud of him. 'Cause I know men, and I'll bet you do too. And he respects women, and he likes women, and let's just pause and appreciate a man like that. You created him out of thin air, and you raised him right, and we're all looking out for him. He's doing a great job, and don't worry - he's still a virgin. And that's more than I've ever said to my own parents, so there you go... This is the maid speaking, by the way.
Your Dad was so proud of you. He knew you were a predominantly accelerated child. What about me? You are rebellious and ungrateful of my love.
I can't say any more with the writer here. No, no, no. You can trust him, you can say whatever you want. I work just as hard or harder than anybody on that stage. You know what I do? I connect. I get people off. I look for the guy who isn't getting off, and I make him get off. Actually, that you can print!
Oh man, you made friends with 'em. See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong. Well, it was fun. Because they make you feel cool, and hey, I met you. You are not cool.
So, you're the one who's been sending me those articles from your school newspaper. I've been doing some stuff for a local underground paper, too. What, are you like the star of your school? They hate me. You'll meet them all again on their long journey to the middle.
How old are you? 18. Me too! How old are we really? 17. Me too! Actually, I'm 16. Me too. Isn't it funny? The truth just sounds different. I'm 15.
I've made a decision, I'm gonna live in Morocco for one year. I need a new crowd. Do you wanna come? Yes! Yeah. Are you sure? Ask me again. Do you wanna come? Yes! Yes.
Look - you should be happy for me. You don't know what he says to me in private. Maybe it is love, as much as it can be, for somebody... Somebody who sold you to Humble Pie for fifty bucks and a case of beer! I was there! I was there!... Oh god. Look - I'm sorry. What kind of beer?
You're too sweet for rock and roll. Sweet? Where do you get off? Where do you get sweet? I am dark and mysterious, and I am PISSED OFF! I could be very dangerous to all of you! And you should know that about me... I am THE ENEMY!
Well William. We showed you America. Did everything but get you laid. Really? No! No!
You, Aaron, are what it's all about. You're real. Your room is real. Your friends are real. Real, man, real. You know? Real. You're more important than all the silly machinery. Silly machinery. And you know it! In eleven years its going to be 1984, man. Think about that! Wanna see me feed a mouse to my snake? Yes.
And you can tell Rolling Stone magazine that my last words were... I'm on drugs! Russell! I think we should work on those last words! I got it, I got it. This is better. Last words - I dig music. I'm on drugs!
Are you Mr. Miller? Yeah. You have a message from Elaine, your mother. She's a handful. I know. She freaked me out.
You're Russell from Stillwater. Well, yeah, on my better days, I am Russell from Stillwater.
Do you have to be depressed to write a sad song? Do you have to be in love to write a love song? Is a song better when it really happened to you? Like "Love Thing", where did you write that and who was it about? When did you get so professional?
So Russell... what do you love about music? To begin with, everything.
Russell. Jeff. Ed. Larry. I really love your band. I think the song "Fever Dog" is a big step forward for you guys. And you guys producing it yourselves, instead of Glyn Johns, that was the right thing to do. And Russell, Russell, the guitar sound... is incendiary. Incendiary. Way to go. Well, don't stop there! Yeah, come back here! I'm incendiary, too, man!
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm flying back on Monday Morning. I'll only miss one test. I'll make it up. Tell her you're a slave to the groove - you can't help it! No. Hi Mom! It's Russell Hammond, I play guitar in Stillwater! It's my fault. How does it feel to be the mother of the future of rock journalism? Hello? You've got a great kid - nothing to worry about! We're taking care of him! And you should come to a show sometime! Join the Circus! Listen to me. Your charm does not work on me. I'm onto you. Of course you like him. Well, yeah. He worships you people and that's fine with you, as long as he helps make you rich. Rich? I don't think so-- Listen to me. He's a smart, good-hearted, 15 year-old kid, with infinite potential. This is not some apron-wearing mother you're talking to. I know about your Valhalla of Decadence, and I shouldn't have let him go. He is not ready for your world of compromised values, and diminished brain cells that you throw away like confetti. Am I speaking clearly to you? Yes, ma'am. If you break his spirit, harm him in any way, keep him from his chosen profession - which is law, something you may not value but I do - you will meet the voice on the other end of this telephone. And it will not be pretty. Do we understand each other? Uh, yes ma'am. I didn't ask for this role, but I'll play it. Now go do your best. "Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid." Goethe said that. It's not too late for you to be a person of substance, Russell. Get my son home safely. You know, I'm glad we spoke.
Can we just skip the vibe, and go straight to us laughing about this? Yeah, okay. Because I can see by your face you want to get into it. How can you tell? I'm just one of the out-of-focus guys.
Adolescence is a marketing tool.
Because they are trying to buy respectability for a form that is gloriously and righteously dumb. And you're smart enough to know that. And the day it ceases to be dumb is the day it ceases to be real. And then it just becomes an industry of... cool.
Can you believe these new girls? None of them use birth control and they eat all the steak!
Do you know "The Letter" by The Box Tops is a minute and fifty-eight seconds long. Means nothing. But it takes them less than two minutes to accomplish what it takes Jethro Tull hours to not accomplish.
Does anyone remember laughter? Passes girls! Come and get 'em.
Don't let those swill merchants rewrite you.
Don't take drugs!
Don't worry, no one's getting hurt here. She knows Leslie's coming to New York tomorrow. This is the circus, everybody's trying not to go home. Stop looking at me like that.
Forgive me father, for I may sin tonight.
From here on out, I am only interested in what is real. Real people, real feelings, that's it, that's all I'm interested in.
Great art is about guilt and longing and, you know, love disguised as sex, and sex disguised as love.
He was never a person, he was a journalist!
I always tell the girls, never take it seriously. If you never take it seriously, you never get hurt. You never get hurt, you always have fun. And if you ever get lonely, you just go to the record store and visit your friends.
I am a golden god! And you can tell Rolling Stone magazine, that my last words, were... I'm on drugs!
I am no good at good byes.
I dig music... I'M ON DRUGS!!!!
I get people off! And I find the one guy who isn't getting off, and I MAKE him get off. Actually, that you can print!
I never said I was a golden god... or did I?
I'm always home. I'm uncool.
I've studied the entire history of music. And for the most part, the good stuff is the popular stuff. Show me a guy who says he doesn't want to be popular, and I'll show you a scared guy. It's easy to say popularity sucks, because that allows you to forgive yourself if you suck. And I don't forgive myself. Do you?
Is it that hard to make us look cool?
It's all happening!
It's okay! I'm easy to forget! Just leave me behind! I'm only the fucking lead singer!
Jim Morrison? He's a drunken buffoon posing as a poet. C'mon, give me The Guess Who. They got the courage to be drunken buffoons, which makes them poetic.
Let's deflower the kid.
Let's say all of the things we never said.
Listen to Tommy with a candle burning, and you'll see your entire future.
Look at this: an entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming.
Opie must die!
Please don't give him any more acid.
Some people have a hard time explaining rock 'n' roll. I don't think anyone can really explain rock 'n' roll. Well maybe Pete Townshend, but that's okay. Rock 'n' roll is a lifestyle and a way of thinking... and it's not about money and popularity. Although, some money would be nice. But it's a voice that says, "Here I am... and fuck you if you can't understand me." And one of these people is gonna save the world. And that means that rock 'n' roll can save the world... all of us together. And the chicks are great. But what it all comes down to is that thing. The indefinable thing when people catch something in your music.
That's because we're uncool. And while women will always be a problem for us, most of the great art in the world is about that very same problem. Good-looking people don't have any spine. Their art never lasts. They get the girls, but we're smarter.
The only true currency in this bankrupt world... is what you share with someone else when you're uncool.
They don't even know what it is to be a fan. Y'know? To truly love some silly little piece of music, or some band, so much that it hurts.
This is a house of lies!
This song explains why I'm leaving home to become a stewardess.
We are not Groupies. We are here because of the music, we inspire the music. We are Band Aids.
What am I doing? I am telling secrets to the one guy you don't tell secrets to.
When and where does this "real world" occur?
Who brought Opie?!
Write what you want.
You are home.
You cannot make friends with the rock stars. That's what's important. If you're a rock journalist - first, you will never get paid much. But you will get free records from the record company. And they'll buy you drinks, you'll meet girls, they'll try to fly you places for free, offer you drugs... I know. It sounds great. But they are not your friends. These are people who want you to write sanctimonious stories about the genius of the rock stars, and they will ruin rock and roll and strangle everything we love about it.
You know, I always told her not to let too many guys fall in love with her. I guess I was wrong. One of them ended up saving her life.
You know, I think we both wanted to, uh, to be with her. And she wanted us to be together.
You look awful. But it's great. You're free of Mom. You're living your life.
Your mom kinda freaked me out.
Rock stars have kidnapped my son!
One day, you'll be cool.
I know you've heard this before. And I have never said this to anybody, not really - well, nobody who didn't legally have to say it back to me, but - God! Why am I so nervous? You'll never remember this - I love you, and I'm about to go where... many men have gone before.
So... This is where the enemy sleeps.
"Confutatis maledictis" - when the wicked are confounded. "Flammis Acribus Adictis" - how would you translate that? Consigned to flames of woe. Do you believe in it? What? A fire which never dies, burning you forever? Oh yes. Why must I submit samples of my work to some stupid committee just to teach a thirteen-year-old girl? Because His Majesty wishes it. Is the emperor angry with me? Quite the contrary. Then why doesn't he simply appoint me to the post? Mozart, you are not the only composer in Vienna. No. But I'm the best! Stop it! I am stopping it! Slowly. There? See? I've stopped. Now we're going back. No! Yes, yes! You don't know where you are! Here, everything goes backwards. People walk backwards, dance backwards, sing backwards, and even talk backwards. That's stupid. Why? People fart backwards.
Forgive me, Majesty. I am a vulgar man! But I assure you, my music is not.
I will speak for you, Father. I speak for all mediocrities in the world. I am their champion. I am their patron saint.
It's unbelievable, the director has actually torn up a huge section of my music. They say I have to rewrite the opera. But it's perfect as it is! I can't rewrite what's perfect!
On the page it looked nothing. The beginning simple, almost comic. Just a pulse - bassoons and basset horns - like a rusty squeezebox. Then suddenly - high above it - an oboe, a single note, hanging there unwavering, till a clarinet took over and sweetened it into a phrase of such delight! This was no composition by a performing monkey! This was a music I'd never heard. Filled with such longing, such unfulfillable longing, it had me trembling. It seemed to me that I was hearing a voice of God.
So rose the dreadful ghost from his next and blackest opera. There, on the stage, stood the figure of a dead commander. And I knew, only I understood that the horrifying apparition was Leopold raised from the dead! Wolfgang had summoned up his own father to accuse his son before all the world!
That was Mozart. That! That giggling dirty-minded creature I had just seen, crawling on the floor!
While my father prayed earnestly to God to protect commerce, I would offer up secretly the proudest prayer a boy could think of: Lord, make me a great composer. Let me celebrate Your glory through music and be celebrated myself. Make me famous through the world, dear God. Make me immortal. After I die, let people speak my name forever with love for what I wrote. In return, I will give You my chastity, my industry, my deepest humility, every hour of my life, Amen.
No matter how loud you shout, you will not drown out the voice of the people! People?
Also, Barbara and I have discovered that we're both impatient and prone to rash decisions. But she wants to tell you about it herself.
Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly. I'm a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.
Because after night comes day.
God has set before me two great objects.
God sometimes does His work with gentle drizzle, not storms. Drip. Drip. Drip.
I bow to my friend in all superior matters regarding the pox.
I find that the older I get, the more tender I become.
I want you to remember that smell... remember the Madagascar... remember, God made men equal.
I wish I could remember all their names. My 20,000 ghosts, they all had names, beautiful African names. We'd call them with just grunts, noises. We were apes, they were human.
In my heart I want spider's webs!
It seems to me, that if there is a bad taste in your mouth, you spit it out. You don't constantly swallow it back.
It's only painful to talk about because we haven't changed anything.
It's your wedding day - I agree with everything you say.
Oh, if the House of Lords could hear the idiotic way we carry on, they'd ban anyone under the age of 30 from holding high office again.
Perhaps we should begin this journey with a first step.
Remember that God made men equal.
Trouble is, Doctor, he doesn't believe he has a body. Utterly careless of it.
Well I would have been bored by botany.
You still have passion! That matters more!
You wake me up to give me medicine to help me sleep?
You're discussing politics with your eyes. You might as well do it with your mouths.
It's my ministerial duty to let you win.
No more excuses, Wilber. Finish them off.
I'm weeping. I couldn't weep till I wrote this.
You always look more at home when you're doing something devious.
Times are hard for dreamers.
When a finger is pointing up to the sky, only a fool looks at the finger.
A woman without love is like a flower without sun; she wilts.
Failure teaches us that life is but a draft, an endless rehearsal of a show that will never play.
I like to look for things no one else catches. I hate the way drivers never look at the road in old American movies.
Without you, the feelings of today are not more but the dead hull of the feelings of the past.
My Little Amelie, you don't have bones made of glass. You can take life's knocks. If you let this chance go, in time, it will be your heart which will become as dry and brittle as my skeleton. So, go, for Pete's sake!
At least you'll never be a vegetable - even artichokes have hearts.
"When my sweet little weasel appears at the station..." Did anyone ever write you like that? No. I'm nobody's little weasel.
I had two heart attacks, an abortion, did crack... while I was pregnant. Other than that, I'm fine.
In such a dead world, Amelie prefers to dream until she's old enough to leave home.
In the apartment downstairs from Amelie lives Raymond Dufayel; they call him "The Glass Man". He was born with bones as brittle as crystal. All his furniture is padded. A handshake could crush his fingers. He's stayed inside for twenty years. Time has changed nothing.
It's better to help people than to be like a gnome in the garden.
Nino is late. Amelie can only see two explanations. 1 - he didn't get the photo. 2 - before he could assemble it, a gang of bank robbers took him hostage. The cops gave chase. They got away... but he caused a crash. When he came to, he'd lost his memory. An ex-con picked him up, mistook him for a fugitive, and shipped him to Istanbul. There he met some Afghan raiders who took him to steal some Russian warheads. But their truck hit a mine in Tajikistan. He survived, took to the hills, and became a Mujaheddin. Amelie refuses to get upset for a guy who'll eat borscht all his life in a hat like a tea cozy.
1970 Pontiac Firebird. The car I've always wanted and now I have it. I rule!
Jane, he's a freak! Then so am I! And we'll always be freaks and we'll never be like other people and you'll never be a freak because you're just too... perfect!
I'm serious. He just pulled down his pants and yanked it out. You know, like, "Say hello to Mr. Happy." Gross. It wasn't gross. It was kinda cool. So did you do it with him? Of course I did. He's like a really well known photographer. He shoots for "Elle" on like a regular basis. It would have been so majorly stupid of me to turn him down. You are a total prostitute. Hey! That's how things really are. You just don't know 'cause you're this pampered little suburban chick. So are you. You've only been in "Seventeen" once and you looked fat! So stop acting like you're goddamn Christy Turlington! Fuck! I am so sick of people taking their insecurities out on me.
So, you're fucking psycho-boy on a regular basis now? Tell me, has he got a big dick? It's not like that. What, hasn't he got one? I'm not going to talk about his dick with you, OK?
What do you want? Are you kidding? I want you.
Yeah? Well at least I'm not ugly! Yes you are. And you're boring. And totally ordinary... and you know it.
"My job consists of basically masking my contempt for the assholes in charge, and, at least once a day, retiring to the men's room so I can jerk off while I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble Hell." Well, you have absolutely no interest in saving yourself. Brad, for 14 years I've been a whore for the advertising industry. The only way I could save myself now is if I start firebombing... Well what do you say I throw in a little sexual harassment charge to boot. Against who? Against YOU. Can you prove that you didn't offer to save my job if I let you blow me? Man, you are one twisted fuck. Nope, I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
Hey Les, you got a minute? For you Brad? I've got five!... Do you party? Excuse me? Do you get high?
Your father and I were just discussing his day at work. Why don't you tell our daughter about it, honey? Janie, today I quit my job. And then I told my boss to go fuck himself, and then I blackmailed him for almost sixty thousand dollars. Pass the asparagus. Your father seems to think this type of behavior is something to be proud of. And your mother seems to prefer I go through life like a fucking prisoner while she keeps my dick in a mason jar under the sink. How dare you speak to me that way in front of her. And I marvel that you can be so contemptuous of me, on the same day that you LOSE your job. Lose it? I didn't lose it. It's not like, "Whoops! Where'd my job go?" I QUIT. Someone pass me the asparagus... I am sick and tired of being treated like I don't exist. You two do whatever you want, whenever you want to do it, and I don't complain. Oh, you don't complain? Then I must be psychotic, then! What is this? Yeah, let's bring in the laugh-meter and see how loud it gets. Don't interrupt me, honey! Oh, yeah, and one more thing, from now on we're going to have alternate dinner music because frankly - and I don't think I'm alone here - I'm tired of this Lawrence Welk shit!
Are you trying to look unattractive? Yes. Well, congratulations. You've succeeded admirably.
Don't you mess with me, mister, or I'll divorce you so fast it'll make your head spin! On what grounds? I'm not a drunk, I don't fuck other women, I've never hit you, I don't mistreat you... I don't even try to touch you since you've made it so abundantly clear how unnecessary you consider me to be! But I did support you when you got your license, and some people might think that entitles me to half of what's yours. So, turn off the light when you come to bed!
Well, I see you're smoking pot now. I think using psychotropic drugs is a very positive example to set for our daughter. You're one to talk, you bloodless, money-grabbing freak.
What are you doing? Nothing. You were masturbating! I was not. Yes you were! Oh, all right! So shoot me, I was whacking off! That's right, I was choking the bishop, chafing the carrot, you know, saying "hi" to my monster! Thats disgusting. Well forgive me, but some of us still have blood pumping through our veins. So do I! Really? Well I'm the only one who seems to be doing anything about it. Lester, I refuse to live like this; this is not a marriage. This hasn't been a marriage for years, but you were happy as long as I kept my mouth shut. Well tell you what, I've changed, and the new me whacks off when he feels horny, because you're obviously not gonna help me out in that department. Oh, I see. You think you're the only one who's sexually frustrated here? I'm not? Well then come on, baby, I'm ready! Don't you mess with me, mister, or I'll divorce you so fast it'll make your head spin! On what grounds? I'm not a drunk, I don't fuck other women, I've never hit you, I don't mistreat you... I don't even try to touch you since you've made it so abundantly clear how unnecessary you consider me to be! But I did support you when you got your license, and some people might think that entitles me to half of what's yours. So, turn off the light when you come to bed!
Don't placate me like I'm your mother, boy. Excuse me for speaking so bluntly sir. But those fags make me want to puke my fucking guts out. Well, me too son. Me too.
Where's your wife? Uh, I dunno. Probably out fucking that dorky, prince-of-real-estate asshole. And you know what? I don't care. Your wife is with another man and you don't care? Nope. Our marriage is just for show. A commercial for how normal we are when we're anything but.
Could he be any more pathetic? I think it's sweet. And I think he and your mother have not had sex in a long time.
He has this crush on my friend Angela and it's disgusting. You'd rather he had the crush on you? No! But it would be nice if I was anywhere near as important to him as she is...
Somebody should just put him out of his misery. Do you want me to kill him? Yeah, would you?
I don't think we can be friends anymore. You're way too uptight about sex. Just don't fuck my dad, all right? Please? Why not?
How's Jane? What do you mean? I mean, how's her life? Is she happy? Is she miserable? I'd really like to know, and she'd die before she'd ever tell me about it. She's... she's really happy. She thinks she's in love. Good for her. How are you? God, it's been a long time since anybody asked me that... I'm great. I've gotta go to the bathroom. I'm great.
So Janie, how was school? It was okay. Just okay? No dad, it was spectacular.
When I was your age, I flipped burgers all summer just to be able to buy an eight-track. That sucks. No, actually it was great. All I did was party and get laid. I had my whole life ahead of me.
You don't think it's kinda weird and fascist? Possibly, but you don't want to be unemployed. Oh well, alright, let's all sell our souls and work for Satan because it's more convenient that way.
I don't think you'd fit in here. I have fast food experience. Yeah, like twenty years ago! Well, I'm sure there have been amazing technological advances in the industry, but surely you must have some sort of training program. It seems unfair to presume I won't be able to learn.
I was filming this dead bird. Why? Because it's beautiful.
It's like God's looking right at you, just for a second, and if you're careful you can look right back. And what do you see? Beauty.
Mom, I don't eat bacon. I'm sorry, I must have forgotten...
You know, that's not a very nice thing to do. Hiring somone to kill your dad. Well then I guess I'm not a very nice girl then, am I?
You're right, I suck dick for money. Boy... Two thousand dollars, I'm that good. Get out. And you should see me fuck. I'm the best piece of ass in three states. Get out! I don't ever want to see you again. What a sad old man you are.
Yeah. Would you?
I was hoping you'd give me a bath. I'm very, very dirty.
She's not your friend. She's just someone you use to feel good about yourself.
Mom... I wish things could have been better for you. Take care of Dad.
Fuck me, your majesty!
You don't get to tell me what to do ever again.
No sir, I won't fight you!
What a sad old man you are.
I don't believe him. I mean, he didn't even like, look at me once!
Honey, I'm so proud of you. I watched you very closely, and you didn't screw up once!
I still want to do it! I just... thought you should know in case you wondered why I wasn't... you know... better.
Honey, don't be weird!
What do you expect? You can't just suddenly become my best friend because you've had a bad day! I mean, come on... you've barely spoken to me for months.
I think you just became my personal hero!
Both my wife and daughter think I'm this gigantic loser and they're right, I have lost something. I'm not exactly sure what it is but I know I didn't always feel this... sedated. But you know what? It's never too late to get it back.
Dad! You stare at her all the time! Like you're drunk! It's disgusting!
I am so sick of people taking their insecurities out on me.
I didn't LOSE it. It's not like "Whoops! Where did my job go?" I quit.
I didn't mean to scare you. I just think you're interesting.
I don't think that there's anything worse than being ordinary.
I feel like I've been in a coma for the past twenty years. And I'm just now waking up.
I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isn't a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time. For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout Camp, watching falling stars. And yellow leaves, from the maple trees that lined our street. Or my grandmother's hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper. And the first time I saw my cousin Tony's brand new Firebird. And Janie... and Janie. And... Carolyn. I guess I could be really pissed off about what happened to me, but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst. And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain. And I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life. You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry... you will someday.
I know you think my dad's harmless, but you're wrong.
I need a father who's a role model, not some horny geek-boy who's gonna spray his shorts every time I bring a girlfriend home from school.
I quit. So you don't have to pay me. Now leave me alone.
I refuse to be a victim!
I see you're smoking pot now! I'm so glad. I think using illegal psychotropic substances is a very positive example to set for our daughter.
I want to look good naked!
I will sell this house today, I will sell this house today...
I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.
I'm not obsessing. I'm just curious.
If people I don't even know look at me and want to fuck me, it means I really have a shot at being a model.
In order to be successful, one must project an image of success at all times.
It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. And this bag was, like, dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. And that's the day I realized there was this entire life behind things, and... this incredibly benevolent force, that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid, ever. Video's a poor excuse, I know. But it helps me remember... and I need to remember... Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can't take it, like my heart's going to cave in.
It would be nice if I was nearly as important to him as she is...
It's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself.
It's that psycho next door. Jane, what if he worships you? What if he's got a shrine with pictures of you surrounded by dead people's heads and stuff?
Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass, but I don't want to lie to her.
Janie, today I quit my job. And then I told my boss to go fuck himself, and then I blackmailed him for almost sixty thousand dollars. Pass the asparagus.
Look at me, jerking off in the shower - this will be the high point of my day. It's all downhill from here.
Look mom, I really don't feel like having a Kodak moment here, okay?
Man, oh man. Man, oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man.
Mom, do we ALWAYS have to listen to this elavator music?
My dad thinks I paid for all this with catering jobs. Never underestimate the power of denial.
My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood; this is my street; this is my life. I am 42 years old; in less than a year I will be dead. Of course I don't know that yet, and in a way, I am dead already.
Oh, it's okay. I wouldn't remember me either.
Our marriage is just for show. A commercial for how normal we are when we're anything but.
Remember those posters that said, "Today is the first day of the rest of your life"? Well, that's true of every day but one - the day you die.
Smile! You're at Mr. Smiley's.
That's my wife, Carolyn. See the way the handle on her pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.
Then so am I! And we'll always be freaks and we'll never be like other people and you'll never be a freak because you're just too... perfect.
There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, Mr. Smarty Man. There's plenty of joy in my life.
This is all I EVER smoke.
This is not just a couch. This is a $4000 sofa upholstered in Italian silk!
This isn't life, it's just stuff. And it's become more important to you than living. Well, honey, that's just nuts.
We have a very healthy relationship.
We've met before, but something tells me you're going to remember me this time.
Welcome to America's weirdest home videos.
Well the new me whacks off when he feels horny.
Well then, I guess I'm not a very nice girl then, am I?
Well... now I too need structure. And fucking discipline!
Yes you are. And you're boring. And totally ordinary... and you know it.
You cannot count on anyone except yourself.
You total slut, you have a crush on him. You're defending him, you love him, you wanna have, like, ten thousand of his babies.
You ungrateful little brat! Just look at everything you have. When I was your age, we... lived in a duplex! We didn't even have our own house!
You're one to talk, you bloodless, money-grubbing freak.
You like muscles.
I always wonder if people know when history's being made. And what they're doing at the time. This, for instance, could be a historic moment, and you're sipping a glass of ice water.
Success. It's got enemies. You can be successful and have enemies or you can be unsuccessful and have friends.
What are you saying? That because you were "honest" and didn't take money like every other cop, I left you? You don't take money for one reason: to buy being dishonest about everything else. And that's worse than taking money nobody gives a shit about - drug money, gambling money nobody's gonna miss. 'd rather you took it and been honest with me. Or don't take it, I don't care. But don't then go cheat on me. Don't cheat on your kid by never being around. Don't go out and get laid by your snitches and secretaries and strippers. I can tell just by looking, she's one of them. You think you're going to heaven because your "honest". You're not. You're going to the same hell as the crooked cops you can't stand.
'm a leper. Because I listened to you and turned in a million fucking dollars. You know who'll work with me after that? Same as you. No one.
They seize it, arrest everybody, whack it up and sell it back to us. Our dope. They been living off it for years, these New York cops. They basically control the market with it. What the fuck has happened to the world, Frank?
What're you going to do, boy? Shoot me in broad daylight? In front of everyone?
What're you doing counting this in front of everybody? Are you out of your fuckin' mind? Take it into a room. Now.
When's the last time I was in Jersey? Let me think. Never. What're you doing coming over here without letting anybody know? You don't know you can get hurt doing that? You got your money. Now, never, ever, come into the city again unannounced. You come in to see a fuckin Broadway show you call ahead first to see if it's okay with me.
No fucking nigger has accomplished what the American Mafia hasn't in a hundred years!
You got a stockbroker, Frank? I deal with enough crooks as it is.
I swear to God, Richie, I didn't know it was you. I would never slam a door on your hand. Knowingly. You bit my fuckin' hand!
How you feel about monopolies? What, the game?
Monopolies are illegal in this country, Frank, because no one can compete with a monopoly. If they let the dairy farmers do that, half of them would go out of business tomorrow. 'm just trying to make a living. Which is your right. Because this is America. But not at the unreasonable expense of others. That's un-American. You know the price you pay for a gallon of milk doesn't represent its true cost of production. It's controlled. Set. I set a price I think is fair. It's very unfair, in fact. Your customers are happy, but what about your fellow dairy farmers? You're not thinking of them. 'm thinking of them as much as they ever thought of me.
How would you get it into the States? What do you care? Who do you work for in there? What do you care? Who are you really? It says right there. Frank Lucas. I mean, who you represent? Me.
Why would you trust these people, the way they look at you? They look at me like it's Christmas and 'm Santa Claus.
'm watching the news. Where the hell's everyone going? Home. The war's over. Just like that? We're going to leave the fuckin' country to the communists? We been here since 1961, Frank. I haven't!
I just heard something. I said it couldn't be true. You didn't really turn in a million dollars you found in the trunk of a car, did you? Want me to tell you what happened to it? It ended up in cops' pockets. Maybe. Maybe? No. It did. All you did was give it to them for nothing in return. Not nothing: You got their contempt. Why'd you do that? What're you trying to prove, you're better than them? You're not better than them. You are them. I don't have the time or interest to listen to this-- You did it because it was right. That's all. Why's that hard to say? The question is would you do it again? That was a long time ago. It'd be very easy to find out. Tell me you want to find out, tell me the address, and a car will be there, the trunk loaded. No, thanks.
Let me ask you something. You think by putting me in jail, you're going to stop even one junkie from dying? Because you won't. If it isn't me, it'll be someone else. With me or without me, nothing's going to change. Then that's the way it is.
Now, I got no problem with you showin' up in court tomorrow with your head blown in half. Get in line. That one stretches around the block too.
What is this? What? This? These are clothes. Yeah that. This is a very, very, very nice suit. That's a very, very, very nice suit, huh? Yeah. That's a clown suit. That's a costume, with a big sign on it that says "Arrest me." You understand? You're too loud, you're making too much noise. Listen to me, the loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room.
This isn't a couple of bucks. It's the same thing. In principle. We're talking about principle? Richie, a cop who turns in this kind of money says one thing: He'll turn in cops who take money. We'll be pariahs. We're fucked either way. Not if we keep it. Only if we don't. Then we're fucked, you're right. But not if we keep it. Yes, we are. Goddamn it, did we ask for this? Did we put a gun to someone's head and say, Give us your money? Cops kill cops they can't trust. We can't turn it in.
Bandage his head. Detective... he's dead. I know he's fucking dead. Bandage his head, clean him up, put him on a gurney and prop it up so he's sitting. And open his eyes.
I want to know everyone you've met for the last twenty years. Everyone you sold to. Every cop you ever paid off. Every one who ever stole from you. Every one you remember. Oh, I remember them all. That's not the problem. What is? The jail's aren't big enough.
INS, FBI, IRS - I can't get anything out of them. Nothing on his travel, his bank accounts, property holdings - nothing. That's because they all think you're on the take and you think they are. They don't want this to stop. It employs too many people. Cops, lawyers, judges, probation officers, prison guards. The day dope stops coming into this country, a hundred thousand people lose their jobs.
The warrant permits me to search the plane and its cargo. But you don't have my permission. I don't need it.
What the fuck is a microwave? It's a scientific force like atomic energy. It rearranges the molecules. Of what? Of anything. Of popcorn. You don't want to put your head in there.
You going to the fight? I don't like boxing. It's not about boxing, it's about politics.
Richie, a detective who doesn't have the cooperation of his fellow detectives can't be effective. You know why I don't have it. Doesn't matter. No, they're all on the take and 'm not and it doesn't matter to anyone. Instead of giving you a medal for turning in money, they bury you.
Want to come over here a minute, Frank? Now what are we gonna do about this? We're gonna shut the trunk and say good night, forget you pulled us over. I got a better idea. Or would you rather I took it all and threw you and your brother in the fuckin' river? I don't know, would you rather it's your fuckin' house blows up next time?
What's this? Don't tell me you're actually gonna arrest Frank Lucas, are you? What? Haven't you heard? We're all fucking crazy over here. You know what we do here? Cops... arrest... bad guys. The next time you come across the bridge, you should call me first. Just make sure it's safe.
Your husband's illustrious career is over. The Feds are going to come in and take it all. Everything. But not before I get my gratuity. Where's the money? There was some on that dresser, but it's gone now so I guess you took it. The money! The getaway money Frank and every other gangster keeps in his house! If you leave now, there's a chance Frank might not kill you.
Is it any wonder then, because of your actions, the entire federal narcotics program is now in jeopardy of being dismantled as completely and enthusiastically as that fucking transport plane? That's what you've accomplished Mr. Roberts. Single-handedly. I had good information the target of my investigation was bringing dope in on that plane. And that target is? Frank Lucas. Who? Who's Frank Lucas? Who's he work for? Which family? He's not Italian. He's black. Is that supposed to be some kind of joke? You're this close to the end of your career in law enforcement, you're making jokes? I believe Frank Lucas is above the mafia in the dope business. I believe he buys direct from the source in Southeast Asia, cuts out all the middlemen, and uses US military planes and personnel to bring pure No. 4 heroin into United States.
That was a military transport plane. If there was heroin on board then someone in the military would have to be involved. Which means that even as it fights a war that's claimed 50,000 Americans lives, the military is smuggling narcotics. That's how these events are being interpreted by General Easton in that call to me. That someone employed by the this office believes the United States Army is in the drug trafficking business - and is trying to prove it by desecrating the remains of young men who've given their lives in the defense of democracy. There are drugs on that plane-- Shut the fuck up.
Detective. There are some things you don't do. This is one of them. Not on a man's wedding day.
Brand names mean something, Nicky. Consumers rely on them to know what they're getting. They know the company isn't going to try to fool them with an inferior product. They buy a Ford, they know they're gonna get a Ford. Not a fuckin' Datsun. Blue Magic is a brand name; as much a brand name as Pepsi. I own it. I stand behind it. I guarantee it and people know that even if they don't know me any more than they know the chairman of General Foods.
For a cop the uppermost thing is the arrest. For a prosecutor, the arrest is nothing without the evidence to convict. We don't have any real evidence on anyone on this board, so they're coming down. We're starting over from the street.
Forget it, Frank. No one's in charge.
His name is Frank Lucas. Originally from Greensboro, North Carolina. Couple of arrests years ago. Gambling, robbery, unlicensed firearm. For fifteen years he was Bumpy Johnson's collector, bodyguard and driver. He was with him when he died. Five brothers, he's the oldest, lots of cousins, all living here now, spread out around the boroughs and Jersey. The brothers are Eugene Lucas in Brooklyn, Earl Lucas in Newark, Lester Lucas in Queens, Turner Lucas, the Bronx and Teddy Lucas, in Bergen County. Except for the chinchilla coat, which no one can explain, Frank's life seems orderly and legitimate. He gets up early. Five a.m. Has breakfast at a Midtown place, usually alone. Then goes to work. Meeting with his accountant, or lawyer, dropping in on one of the several office buildings he owns. Nights, he usually stays home. When he does go out, it's to a club or dinner - with his new wife - friends, celebrities, sports figures - never O.C. guys. Sundays he takes his mother to church. Then drives out to change the flowers on Bumpy's grave. Every Sunday, no matter what.
I do pay them, I pay them all. Cops, accountants, lawyers, who don't I pay? Everybody. I pay them a fortune, it doesn't matter. It doesn't satisfy them. The more you pay, the more they expect. You can't start with them because they can't stop. It's like dope. They always want more.
It's chaos. Every gorilla for himself.
Pick up the fuckin' glass!
That basically the whole picture right there.
The man I worked for ran one of the biggest companies in New York City for almost fifty years. I was with him every day for fifteen of them, looking after him, taking care of things, protecting him, learning from him. Bumpy was rich, but never white man rich. Why? Because he didn't own the company. He thought he did. He didn't. He only managed it. Someone else owned it. So they owned him. Nobody owns me. Because I own my company. And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
The number one fear of people isn't dying, it's public speaking.
This is my home. My country. Frank Lucas don't run from nobody. This is America.
This is the problem. This is the way it is now: You can't find the heart of anything to stick the knife.
This is the problem. This is what's wrong with America. It's gotten so big you can't find your way.
What matters in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never forgetting where you came from. You are what you are and that's one of two things. You're nothing... or you're something. Understand what 'm saying?
Won't get any informants. Not inside. It's like a Sicilian family. Like he's structured his own family the same way to protect himself. Being with Bumpy long as he was, he would have been around Italians a lot. Enough to learn that much.
You ain't said one word all night long. What a weird broad. But you'll appreciate me soon. You're gonna be hangin' on for mercy when I get this sucker rollin'.
I hear college girls really put out.
There's a very wicked "55 Chevy lookin" for you.
You'll forget him in a week. After you're elected senior queen, you'll have so many boys after your bod.
Is that you in that beautiful car? Geez, what a waste of machinery.
Same old Curt. All the time we were going together, you never knew what you were doing.
Hey, man, who cut the cheese? He who smelt it, dealt it.
Hey, hey, hey, baby. What do you say? Don't say anything and we'll get along just fine.
Hey man, I'm sorry if I scared ya! You're gonna hafta do one hell of a lot more than that to scare me! Hey I've been lookin' all over for ya man. Didn't nobody tell ya I was lookin' for ya?... Hey, you're supposed to be the fastest thing in the Valley, man, but that can't be your car. It must be your mama's car. I'm sorta embarrassed to be this close to ya. I'm not surprised, drivin' a Field Car. Field Car? What's a Field Car? A Field Car runs through the fields, drops cow shit all over the place to make the lettuce grow. That's pretty good. Hey, I like the color of your car there, man. What's that supposed to be? Sorta a cross between Piss Yellow and Puke Green, ain't it? Well, you call that a paint job but it's pretty ugly. I'll betcha you gotta sneak up on the pumps just to get a little air in your tires. Well, at least I don't have to pull over to the side just to let a funeral go by, man. Oh, funny... You know what? Your car's uglier than I am! That didn't come out right.
Hey, you know a guy around here with a piss yellow deuce coupe, supposed to be hot stuff? You mean John Milner? Hey, nobody can beat him, man. He's got the fastest... I ain't nobody, dork. Right? Right. Hey, you see this Milner, tell him I'm lookin' for him, huh? Tell him I aim to blow his ass right off the road.
He's my man. When I graduate, I'm gonna be a Wolfman. Hey, you know he broadcasts out of Mexico someplace? No he don't. I seen the station right outside of town. Check out the snatch he's got with him. Wimps get all the snatch. Milner ain't gonna beat that. His time has come. He's gettin' old. He ain't as fast as he used to be.
Hey, is this what they call "copping a feel"? What? No. N-O. Sheezus. What's your name, anyway? My name? Mud, if anyone sees you.
Oh, rats. I was hoping I might see some friends here. Probably a couple of weeks past their bedtime. Oh, wait, there's Dee Dee. I hope she sees me. Oh, shit. Dee Dee!
Wow! He's really fast, isn't he? Yeah, but he's stupid.
You're a regular J.D. File that under uh, C.S. over there. C.S.? What's that stand for? Chicken shit - that's what it is. Oh.
Are you the Wolfman? No, man, I'm not the Wolfman. He's on tape. The man is on tape. Where is he now? I mean, where does he work? The Wolfman is everywhere. I can't talk for the Wolfman, but I can tell you one thing. If the Wolfman was here, he'd say: "Get your ass in gear!" The Wolfman comes in here occasionally bringing tapes, you know, to check up on me, what-not. And the places he talks about that he's been. The things he's seen. There's a great big beautiful world out there. And here I sit sucking on popsicles. Why don't you leave? I'm not a young man anymore. And the Wolfman gave me my start in the business. And I like it. I'll tell ya what. If I can possibly do it tonight, I'll try to relay this dedication in and get it on the air for you later on. That would be terrific.
I don't think I'm gonna be going tomorrow. You chicken fink... After all we went through to get accepted? We're finally getting out of this turkey town and now you want to crawl back into your cell - right? You wanna end up like John? You just can't stay seventeen forever.
Why is it every girl that comes around here is ugly? Or has a boyfriend? Where is the dazzling beauty I've been searching for all my life? I know what you mean. The pickin's are really gettin' slim. The whole strip is shrinking. Ah, you know, I remember about five years ago, take you a couple of hours and a tank full of gas just to make one circuit. It was really somethin'.
I can't believe it! You practically get killed trying to get your car back, and then you let him have it. It's not my car. What? It is not my car. Well then, where is your car? I don't have a car. Well, what about your Jeep? Well, how am I gonna get home? Where's your car? I have to hang 'em on a car.
Is that tuck and roll? Yeah! Bitchin! I just love the feel of tuck and roll upholstery. Yeah? Well, get in and I'll let you feel it... I mean, you know, you can touch it... uh... I'll let you feel the upholstery.
You got a bitchin' car... In fact, your car's so neat, we're gonna give you our special prize. You want me to give it to ya? Hey sweetheart, if the prize is you, I'm a ready Teddy. Well, get bent turkey.
The Moose Scholarship went to the right boy. You! We were all proud of you. Uh, we're all done having loads of fun out here. I hope you'll be taking along with you a little piece of this place. Some day he'll make a fine Moose.
OK, you got it? You're on your own. I'm going to wait over there. Now, wait a minute, Joe. What if he hears me? Shhh. Listen! Look at it this way. Now, you have three choices. One, you chicken out and in that case I let Ants tie you to the car and drag you around a bit. And you don't want that. No. Two, you foul up and Holstein hears you and, well, you don't want that. No, I don't. Three, you're successful and you join the Pharaohs with a car coat and a blood initiation. Wait a minute. What blood initiation?
Whadaya doin', creep? Who, me? No, I'm talkin' to the other fifty creeps here. You know Gil Gonzales? Gil Gonzales? No. Don't know Gil huh? Well you oughta. He's a friend of ours and that's his car you got your butt parked on.
I know, uh... you probably think you're a big shot, goin' off like this... but you're still a punk. OK, John... So long... So long! Have a good trip! Bye, Curt. Good-bye!
Over there, that's Freddy Benson's Vette... he had a head-on collision with a drunk. Boom! Didn't have a chance. A good driver too. Oh, it's pretty grim when a guy gets it and it's not even his own fault... See that over there, that '41? That used to be, believe it or not, the fastest car in the valley. I never got a chance to race Earl though. He got his in 1955 in about the hairiest crash we ever had here. Jesus, you should have seen it. Eight kids killed and both drivers. Board of Education was real impressed see, so they come up, filmed the whole thing. Now they show it in Drivers' Education class. You'll probably see it if you get lucky. Course, it's really tough when they take somebody with them. You never had an accident though - you told me. Hey, well I come mighty close. Almost rolled it a couple of times. But, I'm been just quick enough to stay out of this graveyard. I bet you're the fastest. I've never been beaten - a lot of guys have tried. It seems to me there's more guys lately than there's ever been.
This better be a joke, 'cause I'm not drivin' you around. What's the matter? Am I too ugly? Judy doesn't want me with her and now you don't want me with you. Nobody wants me - even my mother and father hate me. Everybody hates me.
What the hell's goin' on here, Toad? Hey, man, are you all right? Yeah, I'll die soon, then it'll all be over, John. Wow, you're just like the Lone Ranger. Yeah, yeah. Listen, are you with him? You're talking to the woman I love. What happened, man?
Oh Steven! Oh, Steven, please, don't leave me. Don't leave me, Steven. I won't. I won't. I couldn't bear it. Please. Believe me. Do you love me? Do you?
You know, it doesn't make sense to leave home to look for home, to give up a life to find a new life, to say goodbye to friends you love just to find new friends. Wait a minute. Could you say that again? It's something Curt said. Oh, figures. You must've talked his ear off trying to get him to stay. Oh no, Steven. That's not true at all. I didn't say anything. Curt just said at dinner tonight that he didn't see what the big hurry was. He thought that he ought to stick around and go to J.C. for a while, and try and figure out what he wanted to do with his life. That sounds logical. Do you think so? Sure. I think Curt's probably right for Curt. Not for me, though. Laurie, look at me. Now you know what I want out of life. And it's just not in this town. I'm not going with you to the airport tomorrow. It's our last night together for three months... I'm gonna miss you so much. I need something to remember you by. You don't want me to forget you, do ya? If you're not gonna remember me for anything else, why don't you just go ahead? Oh come on, you want it and you know it. Don't be so damn self-righteous with me!
Excuse me, but I think we've had an accident. Well, goddamnit, I won't report you this time, but next time just watch it, will ya?
All right, Bolander, break that up. You know the rules. You and your girlfriend want to do that, go someplace else, huh? Hey, Kroot! Why don't you go kiss a duck? What did you say? I said, go kiss a duck, marblehead. OK, Bolander, you are suspended. Don't - don't even come in on Monday. You're out, you're out! Hey, hey, Kroot. I graduated last semester. Remember?
Hey, I thought you'd left already. No, not yet. Boy, do I remember when I went off. Got drunk as hell the night before. Just... Blotto. Blotto, exactly. Barfed on the train all next day. Cute, very cute. Where'd you go again? Middlebury, Vermont. On a scholarship? On a scholarship. Stayed only one semester? One semester. After all that, I came back here. Why did you come back? I don't know. I guess I just wasn't the competitive type. I think I may find that I'm not the, uh, competitive type myself... well, I'm not really sure that I'm going.
I thought that since this is our last night together for three months, you might want to dance with me. Get your cooties off me. Go ahead, slug me, scar my face. I wouldn't dance with you if you were the last guy left in this gym. Joe College strikes out.
Maybe, before I leave, we could, ah, agree that, that seeing other people while I'm away can't possibly hurt, you know?... I think it would strengthen our relationship. Then we'd know for sure that we're really in love. Not that there's any doubt. OK. I can't expect you to be a monk or something while you're away.
What's wrong? Go to hell.
Where are you going? It's awfully early in the morning. I have a dentist appointment.
Why should I leave home to find a home? You know, why should I leave friends that I love to find new friends? Wait a minute, wait a minute... I've heard this already. Aren't you the one that told me for eight weeks that you have to leave the nest sometime? I realize that. I realize that. No, no realizing. You've been telling me all summer that it's time to stick your head out of the sand and take a look at the big, beautiful world out there somewhere... I feel like a mid-wife. I may have been wrong, Curt. I may have been wrong. Wrong nothing. You've been telling me for eight weeks. God-dammit. Just, you're just mentally playing with yourself. If you just relax, we'll talk about it at the airport.
A Three Musketeers, and a ball point pen, one of those combs there, a pint of Old Harper, a couple of flashlight batteries and some beef jerky. OK, got an ID for the liquor? Oh, umm, yeah! Oop! Nuts, I left it in the car. Sorry, you'll have to get it before-- Well, I - I also, I forgot the car.
Do you have a dollar? Are you for real? Come on. Girls don't pay. Guys pay. Yeah, well, see - I've only got a fifty and he doesn't have change. Well, I can't believe this, I really cannot believe this. Here.
Hey, did anybody ever tell you that you look just like Connie Stevens? You do, I really mean it... Yeah, I met her once. At a Dick Clark road show... I mean that I'm not just feeding you a line. I really think you do. You look alot like Connie Stevens. I always thought I looked like Sandra Dee.
Hey, what do you say, Curt? Last night in town - you guys gonna have a little bash before you leave? The Moose have been looking for you all day. They got worried - thought you were trying to avoid them or something. What is it? What do ya got? Oh, great. That's $2000 man! $2000! Mr. Jennings gave it to me to give to you. He says he's sorry it's so late, but it's the first scholarship the Moose Lodge has given out. And he, uh, says they're all very proud of you back at the lodge. Cute. Why don't you hold it for me for awhile? Hey, I don't want it. Take it - it's yours. I'll take it!
Pardon me, sir, but I lost my I.D. in... in a flood and I'd like to get some Old Harper, hard stuff. Would you mind buying a bottle for me? Why certainly! I lost my wife, too - her name wasn't Idy, though, and it wasn't in a flood - but I know what ya... Thanks, here's enough for a pint.
You know, I think you're really neat. Wait a second. I'm sorry. It's just... I just love tuck and roll upholstery. Geez, it's like Grand Central Station around here!
Hey Deb, how's my soft baby? Come on. Beat it, Vic. I'm not your baby. Aw come on, honey. Look, so I never called you back. I've been, you know, busy... Yeah, three weeks?... Besides, it only took me one night to realize if brains were dynamite, you couldn't blow your nose. Look who's talking. Hey, who's the wimp you're hanging out with now? Einstein? Tiger happens to be very intelligent. Unlike you. I know everything your dirty little mind is thinking... it shows. Hey now, buddy, look. The lady obviously doesn't want to have to-- Look, creep, you want a knuckle sandwich? Ah, no thanks, I'm waitin' for a double Chubby Chuck... Then keep your smart ass mouth shut. Hey, I'll call ya some time, Deb, some night when I'm hard up. I won't be home. You seem to know a lot of weird guys. That creep's not a friend of mine. He's just horny. That's why I like you, you're different. I-I am? I mean, you really think I'm intelligent? Yeah. And I'll bet you're smart enough to get us some brew. Yeah. Brew? Yeah. Liquor? Yeah. Yeah right, liquor. This place is too crowded anyway.
Curt? Yes, yes, this is Curt. Who are you? Who are you expecting? Do you drive a white T-bird? A white '56. I saw you on Third Street... Who are you? Do you know me? Of course. How do you know me? It's not important. It's important. It's important to me. You're the most beautiful, exciting thing I've ever seen in my life and I don't know anything about you. Listen, listen, listen, uh, uhm, uh, could we meet someplace? I cruise Third Street. Maybe I'll see you tonight. No, I don't think so. Curt... Tell me your name, at least tell me your name. Goodbye, Curt. Wait a minute. Wait a second.
Hey, did you know that my ex is going to become a Presidential aide? Yeah, and uhm, it's a secret so don't tell anybody, but his greatest ambition is to shake hands with President Kennedy. How do you suppose you're gonna do that, wishy-washy, at J.C.? Well, uh, maybe I've grown up. Maybe I changed my mind. Doubt it! Maybe you don't think you can do it!
Only 30 weight Castrol-R... Now I've written the tire pressure and stuff on a pad in the glove... I don't know what to say. I'll love and protect this car until death do us part. This is a superfine machine.
Don't worry, I won't rape you.
I-I don't think that I can control myself any longer tonight... All night you've been sitting there and you've been so sexy and it's been so hot out here - and I can't wait any longer.
You're an ogre. Just like my father. He won't let me stay out late or play records, or anything.
Bobbie here is madly in love with you and trembles at the sight of your rippling biceps.
Hey, I got a dedication here that's for a friend of the ol' Wolfman. And he wants me to play the next song for a blonde young lady in a Thunderbird. A white T-bird, you understand? Now my friend's name is Curt and he wants to talk to you out there, baby. So you meet him at Burger City, or you can phone Diamond 3132. Now he's a friend of mine, you hear, and little girl, you better call him, or the Wolfman gonna get ya.
Hi cousin, how's your bod?
I ain't goin' off to some god-damned fancy college. I'm stayin' right here. Havin' fun as usual.
I just love listening to Wolfman. My Mom won't let me at home because he's a Negro. I think he's terrific. Do you know that he just broadcasts from a plane that flies around in circles all the time? Do you believe that's true?
Listen, you got any more of those secret agent spy-scopes?... the secret agent spy-scope, man. That pulls in the moon, the sky and the planets... and the satellites and the little bitty space men?
Maybe if it's the Goat Killer, he'll get somebody and we'll see the whole thing.
Oh I can't believe it. Feels so good 'cause you're sixteen.
Oh no, not me. Not old Carol. The night's young and I'm not hittin' the rack till I get a little action.
Peel out. I just love it when guys peel out.
Quick! Hang a right... Cut over to G Street. I just saw a vision! I saw a goddess. Come on, you've got to catch up to her... This was the most perfect, dazzling creature I've ever seen... She spoke to me. She spoke to me right through the window. I think she said, "I love you." That means nothing to you people? You have no romance, no soul? She - someone wants me. Someone roaming the streets wants me! Will you turn the corner?
Somebody wants me. Somebody's who's out there, roaming the streets, wants ME... Would you turn the corner?
Stand by for justice!
The radio is gone... That means - the car is gone! Oh God, not the car! Oh no! Anything, but not the car.
What a babe... what a bitchin' babe.
Why don't we all go to Gallo Dam for an orgy? I could pick up some Oleo Margarine - roll around in it for a while.
You ever get tired of goin' steady with somebody that ain't around - I'm up for grabs.
You know, Terry, I had a pretty good time tonight... you picked me up and we got some hard stuff and saw a hold-up, and then we went to the canal, and you got your car stolen, and then I got to watch you gettin' sick, and then you got in this really bitchin' fight. I really had a good time... Well, if I'm not doin' anything tomorrow, why don't you give me a call, OK?
"We are not enemies but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be by the better angels of our nature."
Yeah, that's that motherfucker.
I think the street would kill you. Your rhetoric and your propaganda aren't gonna save you out there.
I'm ashamed that you came out of my body.
You think you're the only one doin' time, Derek? You think you're here all alone? You think I'm not in here with you?
Don't fuck wit me aight I'm the most dangerous man in this prison. You know why? 'Cause I control the underwear.
Alright I know your kind... bad ass peckerwood with an attitude. Well let me tell you something, you better watch your ass because in the joint, you are the nigger, not me.
Better take care... Im not the one they call nigger in here.
Derek, what are you trying to prove?
My eyes have seen the glory of the trampling at the zoo. We have washed ourselves in niggers' blood and all the mongrels too. We're taking down the ZOG machine, Jew by Jew by Jew. The white man marches on!
There was a moment... like this. When I used to blame everything and everyone... for all the pain and suffering and vile things that happened to me, that I saw happen to my people. Used to blame everybody. Blamed white people, blamed society, blamed God. I didn't get no answers 'cause I was asking the wrong questions. You have to ask the right questions. Like what? Has anything you've done made your life better?
Alright, This is stupid. I'm done. You go cool off, get laid, do something, get your head on straight. Then I'll talk to you. Yeah, but it doesn't even really matter if I don't, does it? 'Cause you got the next crop already lined up and ready to go you fuckin' chicken hawk! Excuse me? You prey on people Cam. You use 'em. I lost three years of my life for your fuckin' phony cause, but I'm onto you now you fuckin' snake. Hey, Derek, watch it, watch it. Be careful, remember where you are this is not some fuckin' country club where you can waltz in and outta here as you choose... Shut up! Shut the fuck up, I came here, to tell you one thing, I am out, out, and Danny's out too and if you come near my family again, I'll feed you your fucking heart.
You made the fat kid a little nervous. He thinks the joint messed with your mind. It did.
Look Sweeney, did you bring me here to talk about Derek? Because what happened to him has nothing to do with me. Everything you do right now has something to do with Derek.
I'm sorry, Derek. I'm sorry that happened to you. I'm not. I'm lucky. I feel lucky because it's wrong, Danny. It's wrong and it was eating me up, it was going to kill me. And I kept asking myself all the time, how did I buy into this shit? It was because I was pissed off, and nothing I ever did ever took that feeling away. I killed two guys, Danny, I killed them. And it didn't make me feel any different. It just got me more lost and I'm tired of being pissed off, Danny. I'm just tired of it.
He's one of those proud to be nigger guys, I hate those guys. He hate niggers... Now wait a minute Danny, he's not proud, no he's a manipulative self-righteous Uncle Tom. He's trying to make you feel guilty about writing about Adolf Hitler. Some nigger some spic writes about Martin Luther King, or fuckin Caesar commie Chavez gets a pat on the head.
So what is this "Native Son"? It's this book about this black guy. We're doing this whole black literature unit. What, is it Black History Month? No, it's just this guy Sweeney, you know? It's part of the course now. Yeah... whatever. It's everywhere I look now. What? This "affirmative blaction". Honey, a few new books doesn't qualify as affirmative black action. Read the book, ace the guy's test... just don't swallow everything he feeds you whole. Just because you see it on the evening news... I know, but what? All this stuff about making everything "equal"... it's not that simple. Now you've got this book "Native Son". What happened to the other books in the course? They're not good anymore because Mr. Two Ph.Ds says so? Now you got to trade great books for black books? Does that make sense? You gotta question these things, Der. You gotta look at the whole picture. We're talking about books... but we're also talking about my job. I've got two black guys on my squad now who got their job over a couple of white guys who actually scored higher on the test. Does that make sense? Everything's "equal" now, but I've got two guys watching my back... responsible for my life... who aren't as good. They only got the job because they were black, not because they were the best. That sucks. Yeah, is that what America's about? No, America's about the best man for the job. You do your best, you get the job. This affirmative action crap - I don't know what that's about. There's like some hidden agenda or something going on. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. I didn't think about it like that... This Sweeney guy though, he just comes on so strong. It's hard not to listen to him. I guess some of what he says though, it's kind of-- It's bullshit. Yeah... yeah, maybe. No. It's nigger bullshit. You see that, don't you? Yeah. You got to watch out for that. Yeah. No, I get what you're saying. I will. Good boy. I'm proud of you.
Nigger, you just fucked with the wrong bull. You should've learned your lesson on the fuckin' basketball court. But you fuckin' monkey's never get the message. My father gave me that truck you motherfucker! You ever shoot at fireman? You come here and shoot at my family? I'm gonna teach you a real lesson now motherfucker. Put your fuckin' mouth on the curb. Come on man. Put it on the curb right now! Derek, no! Now say good night.
'Sup, man? You getting outta here? Well, c'mon man! What the fuck you waiting on? Yeah, you know, I got this funny feeling. Oh yeah? What's that? I'm thinking the only reason I'm getting outta here in one piece is you. C'mon man! Get the fuck outta here, man! You think I'm gonna put my neck on the line for some crazy-ass peckerwood? Yeah, right. Stupid. That's what I thought. I owe you, man. Man, you owe me shit, a'ight? Yes, I do. You'll be outta here in no time. C'mon man, it's a piece of cake, a'ight? You just take it easy on the brothers, a'ight? The brothers!
I don't have a personal problem with him! Don't insult my intelligence, Murray! You hate this child, and I think I know why! So I went out with his mother a few times. That was three years ago... it was nothing. Nothing. Really? That paper, Bob - it's a travesty. Arguing for Hitler as a civil rights hero? You've got to draw the line. You know, Murray, you actually brought this upon yourself. You said the paper could be on any book that related to the struggle for human rights... in plain English. I am not disputing that the child is confused, and harbors some sick ideas, but I am not ready to give up on him yet. His brother probably put him up to it. I guarantee you 100% his brother did not put him up to this. Whatever... I find that hard to believe.
What are you doing Derek? This is your family. Right, my family, my family, so you know what? I don't give two shits about you or anybody else or what they think. You're not a part of it and you never will be. That has nothing to do with it! Oh it doesn't? You don't think I see what you're trying to do here? You think I'm gonna sit here and smile while some fucking kike tries to fuck my mother? It's never gonna happen Murray, fucking forget it, not on my watch, not while I'm still in this family. I will fucking cut your Shylock nose off and stick it up your ass before I let that happen. Coming here and poison my family's dinner with your Jewish, nigger-loving, hippie bullshit. Fuck you! Fuck you! Yeah, walk out, asshole, fucking Cabala reading motherfucker. Get the fuck out of my house. See this, this means not welcome.
Earlier today, L.A. County firefighter Dennis Vinyard was shot and killed battling a blaze at a suspected Compton drug den. We're at the Vinyard home now, and Lieutenant Vinyard's oldest son Derek has agreed to talk with us for a moment. Derek, if you could come down here, please, for a second. Look, I know this is tough, but how do you feel right now? How do you think I feel? I think it's typical. Typical how? Well, this country's becoming a haven for criminals, so what do you expect? Decent hard-working Americans like my dad are getting rubbed out by social parasites. Parasites? Blacks, browns, yellow, whatever. I don't understand. You think maybe your father's murder was race-related? Yeah, it's race-related! Every problem in this country is race-related! Not just crime... it's immigration, AIDS, welfare! Those are problems of the black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community! They're not white problems! Aren't those really issues that deal more with poverty? No! They're not products of their environments! That's crap! Minorities don't give two shits about this country! They come here to exploit it, not to embrace it! What does this have to do with the-- Millions of white Europeans came here and flourished within a generation! What the fuck is the matter with these people? They have to go around... shooting at firemen! What does this have to do with the murder of your father? Because my father was murdered doing his job!! Putting out a fire in a fucking nigger neighborhood he shouldn't have given a shit about! He got shot by a fucking drug dealer who probably still collects a welfare check! Honey, that's enough.
Who do you hate, Danny? I hate anyone that isn't white Protestant. Why? They're a burden to the advancement of the white race. Some of them are all right, I guess... None of 'em are fucking all right, Danny, OK?
Every night, thousands of these parasites stream across the border like some fucking pinata exploded. Don't laugh! There's nothin' funny goin' on here! This is about your life and mine, it's about decent hard working Americans falling through the cracks and getting the shaft because their government cares more about the constitutional rights of a bunch of people who arent even citizens of this country, on the Statue of Liberty it says "Give me your tired your hungry, your poor..." Well it's Americans who are tired and hungry and poor, and I say until you take care of that, close the fucking book! 'Cause we're losing, we're losing our right to pursue our destiny, we're losing our freedom, so that a bunch of fucking foreigners can come in here and exploit our country, and this isn't something thats going on far away, this isn't something thats happening places we cant do anything about it, it's happening right here, right in our neighborhood, right in that building behind you... Archie Miller ran that grocery store since we were kids here... Dave worked there Mike worked there... he went under and now some fuckin Korean owns it who fired these guys and is making a killing cause he hired 40 fuckin border jumpers... I see this shit going on and I dont see anyone doing anything about it... and it fuckin pisses me off!! So look around you, this isn't our fuckin neighborhood this is a battlefield we are on a battlefield tonight... make a decision are we gonna stand by the sidelines quietly standing while our country gets raped? "Fuck no!!" Are we gonna ante-up and do something about it? "FUCK YEAHH!!!!" You're goddamn right we are!!
Hey! I gotta bet... I come in this game right now same score but we play black guys against the white guys. "Name your price cracker." No money, no money for these courts and not just today for good. If you win we will walk outta here but if we win... no bitching, no fighting, right here in front of everybody you pack up your shit and get your black asses outta here.
I believe in death, destruction, chaos, filth, and greed.
I hate the fact that it's cool to be black these days, I hate this hip-hop fuckin influence in white fuckin suburbia and I hate tabatha and all her Zionist MTV fucking pigs telling us we should get along save the retorical bullshit hillary rodham clinton cause it aint gonna fuckin happen.
Nigger you just fucked with the wrong bull... COME HERE! You should have learned your place on the fuckin' basketball court, but you fucking monkeys just never get the message! My father gave me that truck you motherfucker! Do you ever shoot at firemen? You come here and shoot at my family?! I'm gonna teach you a real lesson now motherfucker, put your fucking mouth on the curb... PUT IT ON THE CURB RIGHT NOW!! Thats it, now say goodnight!
Oh it doesn't? You don't think I see what you're trying to do here? You think I'm gonna sit here and smile while some fuckin' kike tries to fuck my mother? It's never gonna happen Murray, fuckin' forget it, not on my watch, not while I'm still in this family. I will fuckin' cut your Shylock nose off and stick it up your ass before I let that happen. Coming here and poison my family's dinner with your Jewish, nigger-lovin', hippie bullshit. Fuck you! Fuck you! Yeah, walk out, asshole, fuckin' Kabalah reading motherfucker. Get the fuck out of my house. DO YOU SEE THIS!? THIS MEANS NOT WELCOME!
One in every three black males is in some phase of the correctional system. Is that a coincidence or do these people have, you know, like a racial commitment to crime?
So I guess this is where I tell you what I learned - my conclusion, right? Well, my conclusion is: Hate is baggage. Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it. Derek says it's always good to end a paper with a quote. He says someone else has already said it best. So if you can't top it, steal from them and go out strong. So I picked a guy I thought you'd like. "We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature."
We're so hung up on this notion that we have some obligation to help the struggling black man, you know. Cut him some slack until he can overcome these historical injustices. It's crap. I mean, Christ, Lincoln freed the slaves, like, what? 130 years ago. How long does it take to get your act together?
Weed is for niggers. Put that away right now, have a little self-respect.
People look at me and see my brother.
Let's just say I'm old enough to know what to do with my young feelings.
Shocking degenerate. She was a little girl then. We only became in love after she left. She's a little young for you, isn't she kid? She has great vitality, joi de vivre, she loves to go out and have fun and dance. She would dance all night... She's an enchanting girl, Adam. Not really beautiful. And yet, she has great beauty.
I told you this sponsoring business was complicated. You see what happens today? Women act like men and want to be treated like women. What gets me is, I don't know anything about her. We manage to be together for a few moments and then off she goes. Sometimes we have a wonderful time together and other times it's no fun at all. But I got to be with her.
So be happy! You only find the right woman once. That many times?
I see it's a formal brawl after all. What makes you think that? Well, the more formal the party is, the less you have to wear. Oh, no. You're quite wrong. It's most informal. Where is everybody? Here. Downstairs? No. Here in this room. What about that extra girl? Ha, ha. That's me. Ohhh! You mean the party's just you and me. That's right. Oh I see. Why that's kind of a little joke, isn't it? In a way. You must be out of your mink-lined head. I know I need dough but I don't need it this badly. If you're hard up for companionship, there are guys in town that do this kind of thing for a living. Call one of them. I'm simply interested in your work and I want to get to know you better. Now is that such a crime?... I want to help you. I think you have a great deal of talent. Now it doesn't hurt to have somebody rooting for you, does it?
It's got to be when I'm ready, when my stuff is good enough to show to the public and the critics... I'm not manufacturing paper cups. Look, you're a painter and a good one. I happen to have a little drive. That's a good combination. Besides, you have to face the critics sometime.
That's, uh, quite a dress you almost have on. What holds it up? Modesty.
What about you? Aren't you sick of The Life and Times of Mulligan? I'd rather listen to you. I don't like to talk about myself. Oh, you're going to have to get over that. Why? Well, uh, with a binding like you've got, people are going to want to know what's in the book. What does that mean? Well, uh, primarily it means you're a very pretty girl. I am? Yes, you are. How do you know? I, uh, heard it on the radio. Making fun of me. Doesn't everybody tell you that? I haven't been out with many people. And always friends. Honey, believe me. I'm no enemy... Lise, I don't know whether you're a girl of mystery or just a still water that doesn't run deep, but there's one thing I can tell you. I'd been around sooner, you'd know by now that you're very pretty and I'm not making fun with you.
Oh Jerry. It's so dreadful standing next to you like this, and not having your arms around me. You'll always be standing next to me Lise. Maybe not always. Paris has ways of making people forget. Paris? No, not this city. It's too real and too beautiful. It never lets you forget anything. It reaches in and opens you wide, and you stay that way. I know. I came to Paris to study and to paint because Utrillo did, and Lautrec did, and Roualt did. I loved what they created, and I thought something would happen to me, too. Well, it happened all right. Now what have I got left? Paris. Maybe that's enough for some but it isn't for me anymore because the more beautiful everything is, the more it will hurt without you. Jerry. Don't let me leave you this way.
I want to bring you to the attention of the important dealers. They know me. I'm a big customer. We have a large collection at home. I could sponsor you, talk about you, encourage you, and then when you've done enough canvasses, I could arrange for your first show. That is, if you'll let me. Sounds great, but, uh, what's in it for you? Well, just the excitement of helping somebody I believe in and finding out if I'm right.
No, that's not me. He's too happy.
Tell me, when you get married, will you keep your maiden name?
I feel like a woman for a change.
If it means anything to you, I love you.
As in Venus de.
I can tell you, I didn't like your exhibition tonight. I thought you were very rude... If you insist on picking up stray women, that's your own affair but from now on, don't do it when you're with me. Is that clear?
It's a pity you don't have as much charm as you have persistence.
Last night you were a small annoyance but today you are growing into a large nuisance. Now leave me alone and don't call me again ever.
Mademoiselle, there is no happier man in Paris than Monsieur Mulligan at this moment.
Adam Cook is my name. I'm a concert pianist. That's a pretentious way of saying I'm unemployed at the moment.
It's not a pretty face, I grant you, but underneath its flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character. I like Paris. It's a place where you don't run into old friends, although that's never been one of my problems.
She's one of those third year girls who gripe my liver... You know, American college kids. They come over here to take their third year and lap up a little culture... They're officious and dull. They're always making profound observations they've overheard.
This is Paris. And I'm an American who lives here. My name Jerry Mulligan. And I'm an ex-GI. In 1945, when the Army told me to find my own job, I stayed on and I'll tell you why. I'm a painter. All my life, that's all I've ever wanted to do. And for a painter, the Mecca of the world for study, for inspiration, and for living is here on this star called Paris. Just look at it. No wonder so many artists have come here and called it home. Brother, if you can't paint in Paris, you'd better give up and marry the boss's daughter. Back home everyone said I didn't have any talent. They might be saying the same thing over here, but it sounds better in French.
I am The Sherminator. I'm a sophisticated sex robot sent back through time, to change the future for one lucky lady.
I don't want any of you boys thinking that you're gonna score. You don't score, until you score!
God bless the Internet.
Go trig boy, it's your birthday.
Suck me, beautiful. What did you just say? Suck me, beautiful! My friends call me Nova... as in Casanova. That's pathetic! Jeez, you don't have to laugh at me.
All you got to do is to ask them questions, and listen to what they have to say and shit. I dunno man, sounds like a lot of work!
You have anything to drink? I believe the kegs are upstairs. That is what the cretins drink. I'm talking about alcohol, liquor... the good stuff. I've got some scotch. Single malt? Aged eighteen years. The way I like it.
You've never had an orgasm? Not even manually? I've never tried it. You've never double-clicked your mouse?
It's like playing a tennis ball against a brick wall, which can be fun. It can be fun, but it's not a game. Right. It's not a game. No. What you want is a partner to return the ball. You want a partner, don't you, son? Oh yeah, Dad. I want a partner. Good. Good. That's very good.
Guys, uh, what exactly does third base feel like? You want to take this one? Like warm apple pie. Yeah? Yeah. Apple pie, huh? Uh huh. McDonald's or homemade?
If Sherman has sex before I do, I'm gonna be really pissed. Sherman? The Sherminator?
Separately we are flawed and vulnerable, but together we are the masters of our sexual destiny. Their tiger-style kung fu is strong, but our dragon-style kung fu will defeat it! Guys. The Shaolin masters of East and West must unite! Fight! And find out who is number one! Guys! I'm serious!
Hey Stifler, how's the man chowder? Fuck you!
Oh he's pullin' out the porn. He's desperate. Jim, just wait till she leaves.
Oh! And this one time... at band camp... I stuck a flute in my pussy! Excuse me? What? You think I don't know how to get myself off? Hell, that's what half of band camp is... sex-ed. So are we gonna screw soon, 'cuz I'm getting kind of antsy!
What's my name? Say my name, bitch! Michelle! Michelle.
So umm "shaved" is the expression. Holy shit. Holy shit! Holy shit. Holy shit! This is like the coolest thing i've ever seen. I know.
Choir chick! What the hell are you doing here? Well, uh, I was asking Chris to prom. So do you wanna go? Yeah, that would be great. Well, just don't expect Oz to pay for the limo. Stifler, fuck! I mean, why do you gotta be so insensitive all the time? What? Whatever.
Hey Kev, seen Shit-break lately? Why? What did you do to him? Me? Nothing. I'm the one whose ass he kicked, remember? Here's one thing I know, Shit-break won't have a problem shitting at school anymore. Slipped a little something into his moccachino.
You actually said that? Shut up! You did better than me Nova. Don't call me that any more. I'm a fraud. You guys are pathetic. I'm gonna find myself a little hottie. Suck me, beautiful!
Are you trying to seduce me, Mr. Finch? Yes Ma'am, I am. You're dead.
Fuck me! there's gonna be eastern european chick naked in your house, and you're not gonna do anything about that? What am I gonna do, broadcast it over the Internet? Yeah. You can do that?
I want it to be the right time, the right place. It's not a space shuttle launch, it's sex.
Maybe the words aren't that important. It's like, I know he really cares about me, you know even if he can't say it he does. And yeah, he always talk about sex, but that's ok cause he's a guy, right? He got a dick, he's a guy. Right.
Kevin? Kevin? What? I wanna have sex. Now?! Prom.
What did you cocks do to him? You came to see me in action? Yeah man, I thought you sounded really good! Yeah man, I think you need your balls reattached!
Dude, chick's a MILF! What the hell is that? M-I-L-F Mom I'd Like to Fuck! Yeah dude! Yeah! MILF, MILF, MILF!
Here's an idea: why don't you guys locate your dicks, remove the shrink wrap, and fucking use them!
I have to admit, you know, I did the fair bit of masturbating when I was a little younger. I used to call it stroking the salami, yeah, you know, pounding the old pud. I never did it with baked goods, but you know your uncle Mort, he pets the one-eyed snake 5-6 times a day.
I would like to make an announcement. There is a beautiful woman masturbating on my bed.
I'll see you guys tonight, I'll look for you in the "No Fucking Section", right?
She called me and asked for my number.
She's gone! Oh my God, she used me. I was used. I was used! Cool!
Sherman! What the fuck are you doing here?
Vicky. Jessica. Bitches!
We'll just tell your mother that... we ate it all.
Well, polish my nuts and serve me a milkshake.
You realize we're all going to go to college as virgins. They probably have special dorms for people like us.
Well, they're safer than a tube sock...
Now, do you know what a clitoris is?
Johnny West is missing.
How did you do that magic you did?
Hi, I'm Jim's Dad. You must be the parents of this young lady, I... didn't get your daughter's name, but I hope my son did.
Hey: keep it real, homies.
My brother said by the end of the summer I'll get the big picture, and I see it. No matter what, times change, things are different. But the problem is, I don't want them to be.
Jim?! Holy potatoes!
This one time - um, here.
Squeeze his ass son, you'll like it!
Oz, what should I do now? Oh, Heather, baby, why don't you tell me my dick is as big as Stifler's? Stifler, get off! I am getting off, listening to the two of you! Keep going!
If a guy tells you how many girls he's hooked up with, it's not even close to that. You take that number and divide it by three, then you get the real total. OK, so if Kevin is saying it's been three girls it's more like one or none. None? The rule of three. It's an exact science. Consistent as gravity.
You may be Jimbo, or Jumbo, or Jimbodini to those guys in there, but there are still two people who haven't forgotten where James Emmanuel Levenstein came from. We're awful proud of you son. Thanks, Dad. Don't forget your penis cream.
Amazing. Yes. The force is strong in that one.
Nadia will be expecting filet mignon, okay, and all I'm going to be able to give her is rump roast. Rump roast... What are you so worried about? You've had experience since Nadia! Ah, yes, you would be referring to the flute fetish band geek, who made me her bitch and then ditched me after prom.
Nadia, please don't take this the wrong way - you are everything I used to want in a woman, and as much as I'm really, really going to regret this, I think I need to be with someone else. You - you want the band geek? Nadia, I am a band geek. I just never joined the band.
This is good, this is good. Obviously. Oh! Uh, Gilligan's Island, Mr. Howell! Uh, what? You've gotta control yourself and think of something non-sexual. I haven't even touched you yet and you're turning into the Sears Tower!
Was I any good that night? Oh, Jeez, how could I forget? You sucked. You didn't know what the hell you were doin'. But wasn't it fun, even though you were so terrible? I-I'm sorry, "terrible"? I've had worse. Oh. Oh, sorry. I just, ah, I could give you some pointers, if you want.
What are you doing here? Pussy, man! I'm here for the pussy. Take a number.
So, how are the twig and giggle-berries this morning? Oh, very colorful, my dick looks like a paint-by-numbers. Jim, you're the only guy I know whose dick needs an instruction manual.
Excuse me, sir, are you a family member? Fuck no, this is just too good to miss! Okay sir, you're just gonna have to wait here. All right? Ha-ha! This summer's turned out to be great!
You are so sweet. He is special. He's my bitch.
Now don't freak out. I'm gonna do something to push your threshold. Ow, that's cold. What is that? I just shoved a trumpet in your ass. Aren't instruments fun?
Okay, pretend I'm a hot girl. Now what do you want to do? I want to feel your boobs. No, you dingbat! You don't just go groping away! You gotta pre-heat the oven before you stick in the turkey!
Fuck me, geek! Affirmative!
I am the Sherminator, a sophisticated Sex-Robot sent through time to change the future for one lucky lady. I am lucky lady? That's right Nadia, you've been targeted for Shermination. Come with me if you want to live.
Holy shit dude, I found a dildo! Dildo! Dildo! Dildo! Big blue rubber dicks for everyone! The people demand rubber dicks! What are you doing? Looking for more lesbian artifacts! Where did you get this? Finch's ass. Which room, man? Which room? I can't remember shit, man, I was too excited! I'm in a lesbian stronghold!
You're a disgrace to men everywhere. I mean, look at the Stif-meister. I got laid 23 times this year, and I'm not counting the hummer I got in the library stacks, baby! Here's a new idea for you, Stifler. You find a girl, you two become best friends and you don't bother counting how many times you have sex with each other: you just laugh at the people who do count. Here's a new idea for you: I'll get you a spoon so you can eat my ass.
Are you a guest? Guests belong in the auditorium, you can't be here! Do you know where I could find Michelle Flaherty? Guests bring food. Food attracts animals. This one time, a bear came, and then the bear had to be destroyed, which means they shot it in the head with a rifle, and killed it, and it died. Yeah, you must know Michelle.
You suck, retard. I'm not retarded. I'm a very special boy.
Oh, Finchy, I missed you. Oh, Janine, Janine. Call me "Stifler's Mom". Oh-AH! Ah! Stifler's Mo-o-o-o-o-m!!
Good Jim. Ooh, you're making me wet. Holy shit, really? No, I was just saying that so you could practice. 'Course.
Ah, yes, the one that got away. Yeah. Yeah. Well, evidently you two made quite the handsome couple on the Internet. Oh, I didn't see it. It, uh, was brought up at a PTA meeting.
Brilliant. You found lesbians. Good luck trying to break through that force field. Lesbians? We never said that. What? We never said that. Oh, oh, man. I will do anything, anything to sleep with you chicks, okay? I'll grab every guy's ass in this room. I'll caress it, even! I'll even shave some ass if they need it! Oh, yeah! You heard me! I will kiss everybody here! Dudes, chicks, everybody! Because I am comfortable with my sexuality!
That counted! That totally counted! That's the way you kiss your mother. Don't you say anything! It's okay, it's okay. I know what I have to do. I have to keep this party going. I'm taking one for the team. Mother of God! Come on you pussies, we had 'em! I am not touching that! Put that thing away Stifler! Why can't you guys be team players, huh? I was the one doing all the sacrificing!
This is the Stifler house, isn't it? You ever see Mrs. Stifler? Jeez, what a MILF.
Where's Steve Stifler? I got peed on.
Finch, stay the fuck away from that ficus. That is a jizz-free ficus.
Stif-meister's palace of love - uh, straight love.
Oh, I can taste the bubbles! Actually, I can't.
Ooh! There's little hearts on her panties! There's little hearts on her panties!
Finch, fist yourself!
I kind of super-glued myself to, uh, myself.
Jim, can't you keep your shirt on? You're scaring the chicks away.
Ladies, I am down with the funky shit.
Oh God, I kissed Jim.
Oh, yeah! The Stif-meister's coming back to Grand Harbor! Deck the halls, bye-bye Great Falls, wipe my ass and lick my balls! It's Stifler time, baby! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
That's a lot of flutes.
This is my first time, uh, si-since my first time.
When a girl tells you how many guys she's slept with, multiply it by three and that's the real number. Didn't you fuckers learn anything in college?
Where are the fucking females?
"Any bitch can get out there and sell some pussy. Yeah, yeah, she can get out there and sell some pussy all day long. But she don't know the ins and outs and the ins and outs and outs and ins."
"Hey what's happening Red?" "Oh you know, same soup just reheated. A pimp do."
"I'll Pimp A bitch in chilly cold blood."
"If a ho don't have no instruction, she's gonna be headed for self-destruction, nam sayin?"
"If there ain't another pimp in the country, there's gonna be some mothafuckin' hoes, hoe-in..."
"It ain't easy, man. It might look glamour-like to ya, cuz ya see me riiiidin'... ya dig? Snakeskin down to tha flo', ya dig? Hat and shoes to match. Diamonds on fingers and watches on arms... It might look easy, but ya gon' hafta work some to get to this status... see ya at the top."
"Love don't mix with this pimpin man what the hell you talkin' 'bout?"
"People be sayin' that we be making hos do this and we be making hos do that, but we aint making hos do a goddamn mother fucking thang when they talkin' 'bout he pimpin. We just introducing them to this shit and making sure that they be doin' this mother fuckin' shit right."
"Priests need nuns, doctors need nurses. So ho's need pimps."
"Pussy gon' sell when cotton and corn won't."
"She a funky, once-a-month-bleeding, dirty-down bitch."
Any man can kill, right? Any woman can be turned out.
The street game is the only game the white man can't control.
Good night, Mr. President. A.J.? Yes, sir? When we're out of the office, and alone, you can call me Andy. I beg your pardon, sir? You were the best man at my wedding, for crying out loud. Call me Andy. Whatever you say, Mr. President.
Mr. President, this is an election year. If you're looking for female companionship, we can make certain arrangements that will ensure total privacy. I don't want you to get me a girl, A.J.! What is this, Vegas? No sir, this is the White House.
Nice shot, Mr. President. Nice shot, Mr. President? You won't even call me by my name when we're playing pool? I will not do it playing pool, I will not do it in a school. I do not like green eggs and ham, I do not like them, Sam I Am. At ease, A.J., at ease!
You know what this means. Yeah. Call the printers, we gotta rewrite the State of the Union. Every word, kid. It's a whole new ballgame. You've got 35 minutes. Oh, good. I thought I was gonna be rushed.
We should do some prep work. You wanna order in? Uh, I can't. I'm having dinner at the White House. So let's start early tomorrow morning, say 7:30? Okay. I'm having lunch at the Kremlin, so we'll have to, you know, start even earlier than that.
Can I just state very clearly I can't be party to anything illegal. Good for you, Lewis. You can say what you want. It's always the guy in my job that ends up doing 18 months in Danbury minimum security prison.
I tell any girl I'm going out with to assume that all plans are soft until she receives confirmation from me thirty minutes beforehand. And they find this romantic? Well, I say it with a great deal of charm.
Mood swings? Nineteen post-graduate degrees in mathematics, and your best explanation for going from a 63 to a 46 percent approval rating in five weeks is that the country is having mood swings? Well, I could explain it better, but then I'd need charts, and graphs, and an easel. Guys, we haven't slept for three years. Can't we take this night off and enjoy each other as friends? It's Christmas. It's Christmas? You didn't get the memo?
People want leadership. And in the absence of genuine leadership, they will listen to anyone who steps up to the microphone. They want leadership, Mr. President. They're so thirsty for it, they'll crawl through the desert toward a mirage, and when they discover there's no water, they'll drink the sand. Lewis, we've had Presidents who were beloved who couldn't find a coherent sentence with two hands and a flashlight. People don't drink the sand 'cause they're thirsty. They drink the sand 'cause they don't know the difference.
Who're we calling, sir? I'm calling the organization of the United Brotherhood of It's None of Your Damn Business, Lewis. I'll be with you in a minute.
Yeah, just vote your conscience, you chicken-shit lame-ass! We lost Jarrett. Well, I hope so, because, you know, if that was an "undecided", then we need to work on our people skills.
Are you nervous? No. Good. My nervousness exists on several levels. Number one, and this is in no particular order, I haven't done this in a pretty long time. Number two, uh, any expectations that you might have, given the fact that I'm... you know... The most powerful man in the world? Exactly, thank you. I think it's important you remember that's a political distinction that comes with the office. I mean, if, uh, Eisenhower were here instead of me, he'd be dead by now.
I want to buy her some flowers. That's what men do when they break a date. That's not what men do. I know no men who do that.
Is the view pretty good from the cheap seats, A.J.? I beg your pardon? Because it occurs to me that in twenty five years I've never seen your name on a ballot. Why is that, A.J.? Why are you always one step behind me? Because if I wasn't, you'd be the most popular history professor at the University of Wisconsin. Fuck you!
Lewis, however much coffee you drink in the morning, I want you to reduce it by half. I don't drink coffee, sir. Then hit yourself over the head with a baseball bat.
You handling me, A.J.? No, sir. Good. But I will, unless you start taking your head out of your ass.
Last night, the cost of those liberal programs was raised to include the blood of 22 American soldiers. Now, Mr. Shepherd's read a lot of books, but you don't need a Harvard degree to see this one coming a mile down the road. I went to STANFORD, you blowhole!!! What I did tonight was not about political gain. Yes sir. But it can be, sir. What you did tonight was very presidential. Leon, somewhere in Libya right now, a janitor's working the night shift at Libyan Intelligence headquarters. He's going about doing his job... because he has no idea that in about an hour he's going to die in a massive explosion. He's just going about his job, because he has no idea that about an hour ago I gave an order to have him killed. You've just seen me do the least presidential thing I do.
I'm sorry about this. We'll do it better next time. Well, I'm no expert but I think we did it pretty good this time.
I don't know how you do it. It's Arthur Murray. Six lessons. That's not what I mean. Two hundred pairs of eyes are focused on you with two questions on their minds - who's this girl, and why is the President dancing with her? Well, first of all, the two hundred pairs of eyes aren't focused on me. They're focused on you. And the answers are Sydney Ellen Wade, and because she said yes.
Sir, it's immediate, it's decisive, it's low-risk, and it's a proportional response. Someday someone's going to have to explain to me the virtue of a proportional response.
Oh, and Leon, don't be the nice, sweet guy from Brooklyn on this one. Do what the NRA does. What, scare the shit out of them? Exactly. I can do that.
This is not the business of the American people! With all due respect, sir, the American people have a funny way of deciding on their own what is and what is not their business.
Wait, wait, here comes my favorite part. My name is Bob Rumson, and I'm running for President! I'm sure glad he cleared that up, 'cause those people were about to buy some Amway products!
We had a nice couple of minutes together. She threatened me, I patronized her. We didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.
Let me see if I got this. The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know thirteen years ago when I wasn't president participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against, it doesn't exist anymore. Just out of curiosity, what was the fourth story?
You have a deeper love of this country than any man I've ever known. And I want to know what it says to you that in the past seven weeks, 59% of Americans have begun to question your patriotism.
America isn't easy. America is advanced citizenship. You've gotta want it bad, cause it's gonna put up a fight. It's gonna say "You want free speech? Let's see you acknowledge a man whose words make your blood boil, and who's standing center stage and advocating at the top of his lungs that which you would spend a lifetime opposing at the top of yours." You want to claim this land as the land of the free? Then the symbol of your country cannot just be a flag. The symbol also has to be one of its citizens exercising his right to burn that flag in protest. Now show me that, defend that, celebrate that in your classrooms. Then you can stand up and sing about the land of the free.
Camp David? Sure, I used to go there all the time, but then they changed chefs, and...
For the last couple of months, Senator Rumson has suggested that being president of this country was to a certain extent about character. And although I'm not willing to engage in his attacks on me, I've been here three years and three days, and I can tell you without hesitation, being president of this country is entirely about character.
He's got the whole press corps asking each other how to spell "erudite".
I've loved two women in my life. I lost one to cancer, and I lost the other 'cause I was so busy keeping my job I forgot to do my job. Well, that ends right now.
Mr. President, I'm sure there's an appropriate thing to say at this moment. Probably some formal apology for the "nice-ass"-remark would be in order. I just don't quite know how to word it.
Mr. President, you've got bigger problems than losing me. You just lost my vote.
Okay. You're attracted to me, but the idea of physical intimacy is uncomfortable because you only know me as the President. It's not always gonna be that way, and the reason I know that is because there was a moment last night when you were with me and not the President, and I know what a big step that was for you. So, Sydney, I'm in no rush. Here's my plan: We're gonna slow down. And when you're comfortable, that's when it's gonna happen. Perhaps I didn't properly explain the fundamentals of the "Slow Down" plan.
People don't drink the sand because they're thirsty. They drink the sand because they don't know the difference.
The White House is the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
We have serious problems to solve, and we need serious people to solve them. And whatever your particular problem is, I promise you Bob Rumson is not the least bit interested in solving it. He is interested in two things, and two things only: making you afraid of it, and telling you who's to blame for it. That, ladies and gentlemen, is how you win elections. You gather a group of middle age, middle class, middle income voters who remember with longing an easier time, and you talk to them about family and American values and character and you wave an old photo of the president's girlfriend and you scream about patriotism. You tell them she's to blame for their lot in life. And you go on television and you call her a whore.
We've got serious problems, and we need serious people. And if you want to talk about character, Bob, you'd better come at me with more than a burning flag and a membership card. If you want to talk about character and American Values, fine. Tell me where and when, and I'll show up. This a time for serious people, Bob, and your fifteen minutes are up. My name is Andrew Shepherd, and I am the president.
Well, if anyone needs me, I'll be in the Roosevelt room, giving Lewis oxygen.
You fight the fights you can win? You fight the fights that need fighting!
You've said it yourself a million times. If there had been a TV in every living room sixty years ago, this country does not elect a man in a wheelchair.
Feed me a stray cat.
Ask me a question. What do you do? I'm into... well murders and executions mostly. Do you like it? It depends. Why? Because most guys I know who work with mergers and acquisitions really don't like it.
Come on, Bryce. There are a lot more important problems than Sri Lanka to worry about. Like what? Well, we have to end apartheid for one. And slow down the nuclear arms race, stop terrorism and world hunger. We have to provide food and shelter for the homeless, and oppose racial discrimination and promote civil rights, while also promoting equal rights for women. We have to encourage a return to traditional moral values. Most importantly, we have to promote general social concern and less materialism in young people.
Did you know that Ted Bundy's first dog was a collie named Lassie? Who's Ted Bundy?
Did you know that Whitney Houston's debut LP, called simply Whitney Houston had 4 number one singles on it? Did you know that, Christie? You actually listen to Whitney Houston? You own a Whitney Houston CD? More than one? It's hard to choose a favorite among so many great tracks, but "The Greatest Love of All" is one of the best, most powerful songs ever written about self-preservation, dignity. Its universal message crosses all boundaries and instills one with the hope that it's not too late to better ourselves. Since, Elizabeth, it's impossible in this world we live in to empathize with others, we can always empathize with ourselves. It's an important message, crucial really. And it's beautifully stated on the album.
Do you know what Ed Gein said about women? Ed Gein? Maitre d' at Canal Bar? No, serial killer, Wisconsin in the fifties. So what did Ed say? When I see a pretty girl walking down the street I think two things. One part of me wants to take her out and talk to her and be real nice and sweet and treat her right. And what did the other part think? What her head would look like on a stick.
He was into that whole Yale thing. Yale thing? Yeah, Yale thing. What whole Yale thing? Well, he was probably a closet homosexual who did a lot of cocaine. That whole Yale thing.
I don't think we should see each other any more. Why? What's wrong? I need to engage in homicidal behaviour on a massive scale. It cannot be corrected but I have no other way to fulfill my needs. What about the past? We never really shared one. You're inhuman. No... I'm in touch with humanity.
I don't think we should see each other. But your friends are my friends and my friends are your friends. I don't think it would work. You have a little something... I know that your friends are my friends and, uh... I thought about that. You can have 'em.
I hope I'm not being cross-examined. Do you feel that way? No, not really.
I think if you stay, something bad will happen. I think I might hurt you. You don't want to get hurt, do you? No. No, I guess not. I don't want to get bruised.
I'm on a diet. What, you're kidding, right? You look great... so fit... and thin. Well, you can always be thinner... look better. Then maybe we shouldn't go out to dinner. I wouldn't want you to lose your willpower. That's okay. I'm not very good at controlling it anyway.
Is that the Ransom file? Thanks. Don't wear that outfit again. Ummm... what? I didn't hear you. I said "Do not wear that outfit again." Wear a dress. A skirt or something. You don't like this, I take it? Come on, you're prettier than that. Thanks, Patrick. I'm not here. And high heels. I like high heels.
Jean! I need help. Patrick, is that you? Jean, I'm not... Craig McDermott called. He wants to meet you, David Van Patten, and Tim Bryce at Harry's for drinks. Oh, my God... you dumb bitch. Patrick! I can't hear you! What am I doing!? Ha! Where are you, Patrick? What's wrong? I don't think I'm going to make it, Jean... to the, uh... office this afternoon. Why? Just say no! What is it, Patrick? Are you all right? Stop sounding so fucking... sad. Jesus.
You like Huey Lewis and the News? They're OK. Their early work was a little too new wave for my tastes, but when Sports came out in '83, I think they really came into their own, commercially and artistically. The whole album has a clear, crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that really gives the songs a big boost. He's been compared to Elvis Costello, but I think Huey has a far more bitter, cynical sense of humour. Hey Halberstram. Yes, Allen? Why are there copies of the Style section all over the place, d-do you have a dog? A little chow or something? No, Allen. Is that a rain coat? Yes it is! In '87, Huey released this, Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is "Hip to be Square", a song so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. But they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity, and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself. Hey Paul! TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU FUCKING STUPID BASTARD! YOU, FUCKING BASTARD!
I want to get high off this, not sprinkle it on my fucking Oaties. Definitely weak, but I have a feeling that if we do enough of it we'll be okay. Will you keep it down? I'm trying to do drugs! HEY, FUCK YOU!
He makes himself out to be a harmless old codger, but inside... inside... "but inside" doesn't matter. "Inside," yes, "inside..." - believe it or not, Bryce, we're actually listening to you... Come on, Bateman, what do you think? Whatever.
Listen Patrick, can we talk? You look... marvelous. There's nothing to say.
Stop it, I'm...-- on a lot of lithium?
Will you call me before Easter? Maybe.
Thousands of roses and lots of chocolate truffles. Godiva, and oysters in the half-shell. I'm trying to listen to the new Robert Palmer tape, but Evelyn, my supposed fiancee, keeps buzzing in my ear. Annie Leibovitz. We'll get Annie Leibovitz. And we'll have to get someone to videotape. Patrick, we should do it. Do what? Get married. Have a wedding. No, I can't take the time off work. Your father practically owns the company. You can do anything you like, silly. I don't want to talk about it. Well, you hate that job anyway. Why don't you just quit? You don't have to work. Because I want... to fit... in.
Are you dating anyone? Maybe. I don't know... Not really.
Make someone happy. Have you ever wanted to? I'm looking for, uh... I guess you could say I just want to have a meaningful relationship with someone special.
What's that? Duct tape. I need it for... taping something.
If they have a great personality and they're not great looking... then who fucking cares? Well, let's just say hypothetically ok? What if they have a great personality? I know, I know. There are no girls with good personalities. A good personality consists of a chick with a little hard body, who will satisfy all sexual demands without being too slutty about things, and who essentially will keep her dumb fucking mouth shut. The only girls with good personalities who are smart or maybe funny or halfway intelligent or talented, though God knows what the fuck that means, are ugly chicks. Absolutely. And this is because they have to make up for how fucking unnattractive they are.
They don't have a good bathroom to do coke in. Are you sure that's Paul Allen over there? Yes. McDufus, I am. He's handling the Fisher account. Lucky bastard. Lucky Jew bastard. Oh, Jesus, McDermott, what does that have to do with anything? Listen. I've seen the bastard sitting in his office on the phone with CEOs, spinning a fucking menorah. The bastard brought a Hanukkah bush into the office last December. You spin a dreidel, McDermott, not a menorah. You spin a dreidel. Oh, my God. Bateman, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes? No. Just cool it with the anti-Semitic remarks. Oh, I forgot. Bateman's dating someone from the ACLU.
Would you like to hear today's specials? Not if you want to keep your spleen.
Where are you going? I am just leaving. But where? I have to return some videotapes.
Patrick? Patrick, is that you? No, Luis, it's not me. You're mistaken.
Not the face! You bitch! Not the fucking face, you piece of bitch trash!
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark.
Listen, you'll have to excuse me. I have a lunch meeting with Cliff Huxtable at the Four Seasons in 20 minutes.
Now, John, you've got to wear clothes in proportion to your physique. There are definite do and don'ts, good buddy of wearing a bold striped shirt. A bold stripe shirt calls for solid colored or discreetly patterned suits and ties. Yes, always tip the stylist 15%. Listen, John, I've gotta go, T. Boone Pickens just walked in. Just joking. No, don't tip the owner of the salon. Okay John? Right? Got it.
Hey, I'm a child of divorce. Give me a break.
If you don't shut your fucking mouth, I will kill you.
Why don't you get a job? If you're so hungry, why don't you get a job?
There is a moment of sheer panic when I realize that Paul's apartment overlooks the park... and is obviously more expensive than mine.
As we arrive at Espace I'm on the verge of tears as I'm certain we won't get a decent table. But we do; relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
Do you like Phil Collins? I've been a big Genesis fan ever since the release of their 1980 album, Duke. Before that, I really didn't understand any of their work. Too artsy, too intellectual. It was on Duke where, uh, Phil Collins' presence became more apparent. I think Invisible Touch was the group's undisputed masterpiece. It's an epic meditation on intangibility. At the same time, it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums. Christy, take off your robe. Listen to the brilliant ensemble playing of Banks, Collins and Rutherford. You can practically hear every nuance of every instrument. Sabrina, remove your dress. In terms of lyrical craftsmanship, the sheer songwriting, this album hits a new peak of professionalism. Sabrina, why don't you, uh, dance a little. Take the lyrics to Land of Confusion. In this song, Phil Collins addresses the problems of abusive political authority. In Too Deep is the most moving pop song of the 1980s, about monogamy and commitment. The song is extremely uplifting. Their lyrics are as positive and affirmative as, uh, anything I've heard in rock. Christy, get down on your knees so Sabrina can see your asshole. Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying, in a narrower way. Especially songs like In the Air Tonight and, uh, Against All Odds. Sabrina, don't just stare at it, eat it. But I also think Phil Collins works best within the confines of the group, than as a solo artist, and I stress the word artist. This is Sussudio, a great, great song, a personal favorite.
Eleven thirty-four. We stand on the sidewalk in front of Jean's apartment on the Upper East Side. Her doorman eyes us warily and fills me with a nameless dread, his gaze piercing me from the lobby. A curtain of stars, miles of them, are scattered, glowing, across the sky and their multitude humbles me, which I have a hard time tolerating. She shrugs and nods after I say something about forms of anxiety. It's as if her mind is having a hard time communicating with her mouth, as if she is searching for a rational analysis of who I am, which is, of course, an impossibility: there... is... no... key.
Everything failed to subdue me. Soon everything seemed dull: another sunrise, the lives of heroes, falling in love, war, the discoveries people made about each other. The only thing that didn't bore me, obviously enough, was how much money Tim Price made, and yet in its obviousness it did. There wasn't a clear, identifiable emotion within me, except for greed and, possibly, total disgust. I had all the characteristics of a human being - flesh, blood, skin, hair - but my depersonalization was so intense, had gone so deep, that the normal ability to feel compassion had been eradicated, the victim of a slow, purposeful erasure. I was simply imitating reality, a rough resemblance of a human being, with only a dim corner of my mind functioning. Something horrible was happening and yet I couldn't figure out why - I couldn't put my finger on it.
Harold, it's Bateman, Patrick Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know: I've killed a lot of people. Some girls in the apartment uptown uh, some homeless people maybe 5 or 10 um an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun, and some man uh some old faggot with a dog last week. I killed another girl with a chainsaw, I had to, she almost got away and uh someone else there I can't remember maybe a model, but she's dead too. And Paul Allen. I killed Paul Allen with an axe in the face, his body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here. I guess I've killed maybe 20 people, maybe 40. I have tapes of a lot of it, uh some of the girls have seen the tapes. I even, um... I ate some of their brains, and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I, uh, I just had to kill a LOT of people. And I'm not sure I'm gonna get away with it this time. I guess I'll uh, I mean, ah, I guess I'm a pretty uh, I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy. So, if you get back tomorrow, meet me at Harry's Bar, so you know, keep your eyes open.
I have all the characteristics of a human being: flesh, blood, skin, hair; but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed and disgust. Something horrible is happening inside of me and I don't know why. My nightly bloodlust has overflown into my days. I feel lethal, on the verge of frenzy. I think my mask of sanity is about to slip.
I have to return some videotapes.
I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
I live in the American Gardens Building on W. 81st Street on the 11th floor. My name is Patrick Bateman. I'm 27 years old. I believe in taking care of myself and a balanced diet and rigorous exercise routine. In the morning, if my face is a little puffy, I'll put on an ice pack while doing stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower I use a water activated gel cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial mask which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion.
I saw the acclaimed New York musical, "Oh Africa, Brave Africa". It was... a laugh riot.
I'm leaving. I've assessed the situation, and I'm going.
Not quite blonde, are we? More of a dirty blonde.
Paul Allen has mistaken me for this dickhead Marcus Halberstram. It seems logical because Marcus also works at P&P and in fact does the same exact thing I do and he also has a penchant for Valentino suits and Oliver Peoples glasses. Marcus and I even go to the same barber, although I have a slightly better haircut.
Pumpkin? Pumpkin, you're dating an asshole. Pumpkin, you're dating the biggest dick-weed in New York. Pumpkin... you're dating a tumbling, tumbling dick-weed.
That's a very fine Chardonnay you're not drinking. I want you to clean your vagina. No. From behind. Get on your knees.
There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed. My pain is constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone, in fact I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape, but even after admitting this there is no catharsis, my punishment continues to elude me and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself; no new knowledge can be extracted from my telling. This confession has meant nothing.
There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping you and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there.
You are a fucking ugly bitch, I want to stab you to death, and then play around with your blood.
You're dating Louis and he's in Arizona. You're fucking me and we don't have plans tonight. What could you possibly be doing?
You turned yourself into a comic hero?
Joyce is right. You are obsessive-compulsive.
It seemed that real, salt of the earth people like Toby and me were being co-opted by these huge corporations. We were getting held up and ridiculed as losers in the system. What can I say, it was the '80s, man.
I ain't no super hero, lady. I'm just a kid from the neighborhood, all right?
"Avoid the reeking herd! Shun the polluted flock! Live like that stoic bird, the eagle of the rock!" You know what that means, son? Yeah. It's from an Elinor Hoyt Wylie poem. It means stay away from the crowds of common ordinary people and do your own thing. Nope, it means don't compromise yourself for women. Ain't gonna do you no good. Get away from them as soon as you can! Well, I ain't got no woman now. So I'm living like the stoic bird, man. The only way to live, son. So how smart is she? I don't know. I guess she's about average. Average? Hey, man. Average is dumb! Hi, Harvey. We finally meet in person. Hiya. Look, before we get started with any of this, you might as well know right off the bat. I had a vasectomy. Harvey, go get me water and a few aspirin. What, you got a headache? No, but I want to avoid one.
Megalomaniac.
Yes, I consider myself a nerd. And this movie has uplifted me.
You know, you should try believing in something bigger than yourself. It might cheer you up.
Hamburgers are a safer addiction than drugs. Say no to drugs. Say yes to White Castle.
Harvey, we better skip this whole courtship thing and just get married.
I guess I have a lot of borderline health disorders that limit me politically when it comes to eating.
I recommend the pina coladas. They are excellent and very authentic tasting.
I'll have you know that I come from a very dysfunctional family. I can spot personality disorders a mile away.
I've had enough bad experiences and growth to last me plenty... Right now, I'd be glad to trade some growth for happiness.
Look Toby, the guys in that movie are not 28 year-old file clerks who live with their grandmothers in an ethnic ghetto... They didn't get their computers like you did, by trading in a bunch of box tops and $49.50 at the supermarket... Sure, go to the movies and daydream, but Revenge of the Nerds ain't reality. It's just Hollywood bullshit.
Man, she's got good looking handwriting.
Why does everything in my life have to be such a complicated disaster?!
Yeah, I know I'm not as interesting as The Little Mermaid and all that magical crap.
Son, step away from the animal...
So, can I see the ring? Nope. Promised to keep it safe. It's not leaving my pocket. Okay, Frodo.
"A witty saying proves nothing." - Voltaire. "Suck my dick!" - Ron Jeremy.
Now, Jim, let me handle this. These are my people. They're gay? No, you bleeding imbecile. They have style, they're cultured, they're sophisticated. So, they're gay.
Stifler's Mom... You've got to know I'm over you, Finchy. Well, as they say, we'll always have Paris. And the pool table. And the car. And the two-room suite I have upstairs... Oh, man. Let's go!
Why do you think, uh, Michelle, they call it "making love"? I don't know. I just call it "boning". Boning? Well, when-when you're doing other things with Jim, when you're not... um... boning, how does he make you feel? Horny, like I wanna bone. But-but, we can't be boning from sunrise to sunset, dear. Oh, you've never tried it? I certainly have. I have. I've boned... from sunrise, uh, right through brunch on more than one occasion.
Honesty, now - honestly, would you have passed up sex with Nadia? Why? Did she say something? Hypothetically, Dad. Oh, hypothetically. Well, I mean, you know, Jim, I'm a married man. I'm... If-If-If you weren't married. She's a college girl. If you were a college guy. In a heartbeat. Oh yeah.
Jim, he's not doing it to be nice; he's doing it to bone Cadence. Look, maybe we should give him a chance. You know, I think - I think that underneath all the "fucks" and "shits" and "blow me's", there's a very sensitive person who's just thirsty for acceptance. That's... that's what I think. Oh, Jim... you gotta stop masturbating... it's melting your brain.
How did a little perv like you, turn into such a great guy? How did a little nympho like you, turn into such a great girl? I'm still a nympho. Well, I'm still a perv.
Grandmotherfucker. Motherfucker. Yes, I am!
Are you saying I'm impolite? "Impolite" would be an improvement.
So, you upset about me and Cadence? Well, let's see. She wasn't into the intellectual stuff, she actually enjoyed me acting like an imbecile. I don't know, I suppose she's better with you anyway. Thanks Shitbreak. Fucker. I fucking hate not hating you. I did fuck your Mom... twice. That's better, fucker.
What describes the Stif-meister best? He uses the F-word excessively. Really? Thanks, man.
Everyone wants a piece of the Stifmeister.
Happy "Fuck Day", Ass Mouth! What happened to my invite? Get lost in the mail, fuckface?
Hey i'm gonna give you a little piece of advice: love life, get paid, then get laid. That is the basic philosophy of... The Finch-meister!
Hey, Finch, what's the capital of Thailand? Bang-cock.
I did fuck your Mom... Twice!
If you'll excuse me, I have some shit to attend to.
It's on like Donkey Kong, biotch.
It's time for me to boom-boom with the bridesmaids, Finch-fucker. 'Cause I'm gonna hang out with my wang out, and rock out with my cock out.
Jim, I had trouble finding the words to tell you how I feel. And I realized something. Love isn't just a feeling. Love is something you do. It's a dress, a visit to band camp. A special haircut. Jim, you've given me everything I ever wanted, and it is my solemn vow to give everything I am to you.
Love isn't just a feeling. It's shaving your balls.
My dick looks like a corn dog and I've got cake all over my balls.
No no no shit head, you hooked up with one other girl for what, ten seconds? Not to mention that you passed on Nadia, dumbest fucking thing ever. You're like a blind man picking out his favorite porno.
Oh, Stifler's Mom!
Told ya that guy wanted to fuck me.
Voltaire can suck on my balls!
Well polish my nuts and serve me a milkshake.
Wow, Steve Stifler just gave a rose to a girl and meant it. It's like, monkeys learning to use tools for the first time.
Oh, my little boy, back from the dead. America, what a place. My Fievel. I thought I would never see you again. Never say never, Papa. Oh, I nearly forgot. Here, Fievel, your hat. The hat, it fits! My son! Now, you are a mouse.
So what's your story? I'm looking for my family. Hey, fellas! He's looking for his family. He's looking for his family! I stopped looking a long time ago. At least you know who they are. Besides, why are you looking for them? They should be looking... for you! They don't care. Forget 'em. You're right! They don't care, and if they did, they would have found me! Well, if they don't care, I don't care! I hope I never see them again! Yeah! You're Nothing! You're Junk! You're Stupid! Here. Make yourself a bed. Ha-ha-ha! Pig boy. I'll never find them anyway. Never. Never. Never. This is my home now.
Would you please put out that filthy thing? I'm suffocating down here! You don't like it? Hey, you know you're not the only cockoroach in New York City. There are millions of roaches who give their lives to work for Warren T. Rat. Good! Fire me! I'm fed up with that filthy smoke in this pocket! I've seen kitchen shelves cleaner than this place! Look at my suit!
I'm looking for my family. You've come to the right fella, kid. I know exactly where they are. Follow me. But Henri said I would find them here. Have it your way, kid. But remember what Shakespeare said, and I quote: "Opportunity knocks but... uh, but...?" Psst! Once. "... but-but once. Taken at the tide, t'will lead to fortune. If denied, t'will never return." Do you really know where my family is? Heh heh, trust me, kid. Trust me.
Look, Papa! Smoke! Is the boat on fire? No! Keep walking!
We must have a wally. A wally? What's a wally? You know, a large gathewing of mice for a weason. Oh, a rally! That's what I said, a wally.
I know, my little immigrant. You want to find your family. And you will. But how? They're so far away, and it's so big. I'll never find them anyway. Excuse moi, pardon, but did you say never? So young, and you've already lost hope! This is America, the place to find hope. If you give up now, you will never find your family. So never say never.
Now, are you going to find your family? Yes! Chantal! Take this little one to Immigration. You will find your family there. Everyone goes through Immigration. I would take you there myself, but then I would never finish my statue. Henri, you said never. Oh, so I did!
Where is your mama, your papa, huh? I don't know. They were on a boat to America. Then you are in luck, my little immigrant. This is America. America. But I thought it was bigger. It is bigger. All of that is also America.
Fievel! Tanya! Stop that twirling, twirling! I mean it! But Mama, it's Hannukah. For you, every night is Hannukah.
We've got to do something about them cats. Besides paying Warren T. Rat for no protection.
Ah, so, Mr Curious, you've discovered the herring. Herring? I thought they were fish. But Fievel, herring are fish. Really, Papa? Oh, yes. In the ocean, there are many kinds of fish, and herring is one of them. All kinds? Yes. Tiny fishes, not so tiny fishes, fishes as big as this boat. Wow! Let's go up and see the fish.
For Tanya, a new babushka. Happy Hannukah. Oh, Papa, thank you. You have only one parent? Thank you, Mama.
In America, there are mouse holes in every wall. Who says? Everyone! In America, there are bread crumbs on every floor. You're talking nonsense! In America, you can say anything you want, but most important - and this I know for a fact - in America, there are no cats.
I like butterflies with big, golden wings, and blue and green tips. Me too! I like Swiss cheese ice cream. Me too! Me too! You too-too? Wait a minute. What's your favorite book? Hmm, the Brothers Karamousov. The Brothers... I don't believe it!
I got it! I got it! I got it! Rummy! Tiger, for the hundredth time, we're playing poker.
Tony Toponi's the name. Put her there erh-- Fievel. Fievel Mousekewitz. Fievel? Ooh, that name's got to go! I know... Philly! Philly? Yeah, fits you perfect.
How did he get away, Tiger? He overpowered me! You're fired, Tiger. Good. I never liked you. And besides, your music stinks.
If music be the food of love, play on, McDuff, play on. I don't know which is worse, the music or the Shakespeare?
Just throw down the kid! Oh, yeah? Bullseye! Disregard the nose. What's in a nose? A nose by any other name would smell as sweet... Great whiskers! He's a cat! Hey! A Cat! A Cat! Cat! Hey, hey, hey! Wait a minute. Who are you gonna believe? Me or your own eyes?
Hey Tiger, when the boss plays... it's culture...
Warren T.! You! You're not a Rat, you're a Cat! How'd you get in here? Come here, you little... Gentlemen, cat's out of the bag. Get me that mouse!
Rats! This nose, this nose keeps getting in the way. You could stop playing. That's very funny. I've never known a cockroach with good taste, but I've known plenty that taste - heh, heh - good. Heh-eheh. Play, play, play!
Don't worry, gentlemen. There are plenty of mice in Hong Kong.
Fievel, this is the last time I take you to America.
Heh heh, trust me, kid. Trust me.
Hey, I wonder how you say "trust me" in Chinese.
I'm your guard, Tiger. Don't make any sudden moves, 'cause I'm crafty and I'm quick. I've got the instincts of a cat. What am I saying? I am a cat!
Listen... I like mice-- Oh, no. Not like that! You see, I don't eat red meat at all. I'm a vegetarian. Oh, a little fish now and then, but what I really like is a nice piece of... shh... broccoli.
Money isn't evewething. I know because I have money, and I have evewething. But what awe they worth without fweedom?
Papa, why'd they change my name to Tilly?
Qu'est-ce que c'est? A little immigrant. Now they are coming by bottle.
Stick with me, kid.
This is America! We have free speech! We can say "cat" here! Cat, cat, cat, and double-cat!
We have a plan. E Pluweibus Unum.
Wewease the secwet weapon!
You lost your family? Oh, dear. That's terrible. I lost my family, too. Years ago, I mean. Eight brothers. Ten sisters! Three fathers!
Poor lad. So young. He never had a chance to vote. Well, he'll vote from now on. I'll see to that.
Hey, hey, hey! What, are we engaged or something?
Today was the woist day evewr. Those cats are killing eveweone. They don't even know the diffewences between wich and poow. The wetches!
A naked American man stole my balloons.
Beware the moon, lads!
David, what are you doing? Six people mutilated? It had to be me, Alex. David, stop! I am going to the cops. There's a full moon tonight. Jack was right. I... Jack is dead! Jack is dead. Look, six people have been killed. I'm going to the police. David, please be rational. Let's go to Dr. Hirsch. Rational!?! I'm a fucking werewolf, for Christ's sake!
It's like the days of the Mad Barber of Fleet Street, isn't it? I beg your pardon? The murders. What murders? Last night. Haven't you heard? Six people in different parts of the city mutilated. A real maniac this one. Pull over.
Alex, I've lost my mind. I woke up at the zoo! But you know what? I feel terrific! The zoo? Waking up at the zoo, that's not so insane. Having clothes on? That's insane. What did I do last night, Alex? Don't you remember? I said goodbye to you. I was locked out of the flat. I climbed the wall and came in through the bathroom window. I started to read and then I was naked at the zoo! I guess I am out of my fucking mind.
I keep having these really terrible dreams. They are getting worse and I can't seem to stop them. David, your dreams will stop. You'll leave England and your bad memories; and then this will all fade away. Will you come with me? What? I'm serious. You don't know me and I know nothing about you. We have a perfect relationship. Now, David, I said I would keep you company, but I meant right here and now. Will you think about it? How did we get from your ba dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient? Not just a patient - me. You're being awfully forward, aren't you? Forgive me, I'm trying to cheer myself up and an affair with a beautiful nurse seemed like just the thing to do it. All I am to you is a sex fantasy then? Now I'm embarrassed. Good. I thought for a moment I was the only embarrassed one in the room.
I'm a werewolf. A werewolf? Are you better now? I'll let you know the next full moon.
What are you doing here? I wanted to see you. Okay, you've seen me. Now go away. David, I'm sorry I upset you yesterday, but you must understand what is going on. I understand all right. You're one of the undead and I'm a werewolf. Yes. Get out of here, Jack! David, tomorrow night is the full moon. You'll change, you'll become... A monster. I know, I know. You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late. Jack, are you really dead? What do you think? I think I've lost my mind. I think you're not real. I think I'm asleep and you're a part of another bad dream. You must believe me. What, Jack? That tomorrow night beneath the full moon I'll sprout hair and fangs and eat people? Bullshit! The canines will be real. You'll taste real blood! Goddamnit, David, please believe me! You'll kill and make others like me! I'm not having a nice time, David! Don't allow this to happen again! You must take your own life! I will not accept this! Now go away!... This is not pretend, David. I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
What can I say, Jack? You don't have to say anything. Aren't you going to say, "I told you so"? If I was still alive, I probably would.
Alex, has David persisted in his werewolf fantasies? Well, yes, but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend. Has his friend appeared to him again? Yes. What did he say? David says Jack comes to warn him. Warn him? Dr. Hirsch, what's wrong? Is this more serious than I know? I tried to investigate the attack. There are no records. The case was closed and now they've "misplaced" the file. David's lacerations were cleaned and dressed when he arrived here and yet supposedly no doctor examined him before I did. The Goodman boy is already in the ground, so he's no good to us. So I went to the pub in East Proctor where I was convinced of two things. Yes? They were lying. There were no witnesses, no escaped lunatic. The whole community is hiding the truth of what actually happened up there. And what else? I think the village of East Proctor is hiding some dark and terrible secret. I'm convinced that, like David, they believe in this werewolf. You've absolutely no idea where David might be? No. He knows no one in London, besides me. I shouldn't have left him alone. Surely you're not suggesting... David has suffered a severe trauma. I myself witnessed some form of mass neurosis in East Proctor. If all the villagers believe that Jack Goodman was killed by a werewolf, why shouldn't David? And then it follows that if he survived an attack by a werewolf, wouldn't he himself become a werewolf the next full moon? Dr. Hirsch? Oh, I don't mean running about on all fours and howling at the moon. But in such a deranged state he could harm himself, or perhaps others. What shall we do? Let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy.
Did you get a good look at the man who attacked you? I've told you, it wasn't a man. It was an animal. A big wolf or something. A rabid dog. Yes. Look, Dr. Hirsch, I know I've been traumatized, but Jack was torn apart. I saw him. A man can't do that to someone with his bare hands. You'd be surprised what horrors a man is capable of. Did you see Jack? No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here. Did you talk to the police in East Proctor? Did the cops go to The Slaughtered Lamb? I really don't know. Then why the hell are you so quick to disbelieve me? You yourself said it must have taken incredible strength to tear apart a person like that. David, please. The police are satisfied. I'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we'd have seen it on the telly. You really think I'm crazy, don't you? Believe me. The Hound of the Baskervilles was an invention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's. And if you'd read the bloody book, you'd find that Holmes discovered your hound of hell a fraud, a fake. Now really, David. You're far too intelligent to go on this way. When you return to America I want you to seek out a competent psychiatrist or psychologist or something and stop this nonsense. You'll be leaving this hospital in three or four days, please remain sane. At least until you are no longer our responsibility.
Say, David... I'm well aware of how pleasant the weather is in Rome at the present time thank you.
David, now I know this may be hard for you, but I have to warn you. Warn me? Will you get out of here, you meat loaf? I'm a grisly sight, it's true; but I love you and that's why I'm here. You've got to know. If you love me so much, Jack you'll realize how disconcerting it is to share one's breakfast with the living dead! We were attacked by a werewolf. I'm not listening! On the moors, we were attacked by a lycanthrope, a werewolf. Shut up, you zombie! I was murdered, an unnatural death, and now I walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf's curse is lifted. What's wrong with you? Shut up! The wolf's bloodline must be severed; the last remaining werewolf must be destroyed. Will you be quiet?! It's you David. What?! You survived and now you shall continue the curse. What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! Goddamnit! Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? "Beware the moon." Stop it, Jack. Beware the moon. The full moon, David. You've got two days. Jack, please go away. Please go away. You'll stalk the streets of London a creature of the night. You're talking like Boris Karloff! It's movie dialogue! David, please believe me. You will kill people, David. You've got to stop the bloodshed before it begins. Nurse! Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance. Nurse! The supernatural! The powers of darkness! It's all true. Take your own life! Suicide, David. Join me. Nurse! Oh God! Alex! It's cold, David, and I'm so alone. The undead surround me. Have you ever talked to a corpse? It's boring! I'm lonely! Kill yourself, David, before you kill others... Beware the moon, David.
Do you think she'll meet me in Rome? I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body. Debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time. She's a jerk. You're talking about the woman I love. I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break. Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there? I don't know. Rendezvous in Rome starring Jack Goodman and Debbie Klein. The love affair that shocked Europe! See torrid lovemaking at its most explicit! See Jack and Debbie expose their lust in the sacred halls of the Vatican! Never has the screen dared... If you don't stop, I'm going to kill you. I have to make love to her. It's very simple. She has no choice really. It just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull. There is nothing dull about that body. We've known Debbie what, since the eighth grade? How many years of foreplay is that? She says she "likes me too much".
I want you to meet some people. David Kessler, this is Gerald Bringsly. Hello. Gerald is the man you murdered in the subway. We thought it best you didn't see him as he's a fresh kill and still pretty messy. Yes, I do look most unpleasant. Why are you doing this to me, Jack? This isn't Mr. Goodman's idea. He is your good friend, whereas I am a victim of your carnivorous lunar activities. Mr. Bringsly, I'm sorry. I have absolutely no idea what to say to you. You've left my wife a widow and my children fatherless. And I understand that I am to walk the earth one of the living dead until the wolf's bloodline is severed and the curse lifted. You must die, David Kessler. David, this is Harry Berman and his fiancee Judith Browns. And these gentlemen are Alf, Ted, and Joseph. Can't say we're pleased to meet you, Mr. Kessler. What shall I do? Suicide. You must take your own life! That's easy for you to say - you're already dead. No, David. Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead. The undead. Why are you doing this to me? Because this must be stopped. How shall I do it? Sleeping pills? Not sure enough. I could hang myself. If you did it wrong, it would be painful. You'd choke to death. So what? Let `im choke. Do you mind? The man's a friend of mine. Well he ain't no friend of mine. Gentlemen, please. A gun. I know where he can get a gun. Don't I need a silver bullet or something? Be serious, would you? Madness. I've gone totally mad. A gun is good. You just put the gun to your forehead and pull the trigger. If you put it in your mouth, then you'd be sure not to miss. Thank you, you're all so thoughtful.
The Slaughtered Lamb? Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed fox head on a spear as their symbol? That's a wolf's head. Of course, The Slaughtered Lamb. Why else would they have a severed wolf's head on a spear as their symbol? That's not a spear. It's a pike. A severed wolf's head on a pike as their symbol. David, before we go in there I want you to know that - no matter what happens to us - it's your fault. I assume full responsibility. Okay. Shall we?
Here, lads, East Proctor and all about are the moors. I go east here. Yes, well thank you very much for the ride, sir. You have lovely sheep. Boys, keep off the moors. Stay on the road. Good luck to you.
Keep off the moors. And stay on the road. Woops.
Hello? Rachel? Just say yes, you'll accept the charges. Just say yes, Rachel. Is Mom or Dad home? Where are they? Where's Max? You're all alone? Mom and Dad would never leave me alone when I was ten. No, not ten and a half, either. I'm still in London. I'm all better. Look, would you tell Mom and Dad that I love them? I don't care, Rachel, just do it for me. Okay? Good. And, Rachel, don't fight with Max. Well, try. Look, kid, please don't forget to tell Mom and Dad I love them. I love Max and you, too. Well, I do. No, I'm not being weird, you little creep. You promise? Okay. Be a good girl. I love you. Bye.
Remember the Alamo.
Oh dear girl, your extracurricular activities are of no consequence to me. I don't give a damn who you sleep with. I'm concerned about David.
You've suffered some rather severe cuts and bruises, lost a bit of blood, but nothing too serious; black and blue for a while. You'll have some dueling scars to boast of. That lunatic must have been a very fierce fellow. They say a mad man has the strength of ten.
Doctor, my memory is fine! It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
An American werewolf was found frozen to death today in the heart of London, England.
Queen Elizabeth is a man! Prince Charles is a faggot! Winston Churchill was full of shit! Shakespeare's French! Shit! Fuck! Piss!
I'm sorry I called you a meat loaf, Jack.
Way to go, Paula! Way to go!
You know something, you ain't nothing special. You got no manners, you treat women like whores, and if you ask me, you got ne chance of being no officer.
Look, Zack. It's them. Holy shit. Look at them bodacious set of ta's ta's.
I'm out at sea three weeks out of every month, and when I'm back at port, I don't have time for this daddy stuff, 'cause that's not who I am. That's okay, sir. Wait a second, kid, you don't understand. I'm too old for this. I don't care what the Navy says. This is no place to bring up a kid like I told you on the telephone. You're better of at that state school back at Virginia. I'm never going back there. They treat me like shit. Maybe that's not for you to say. Goddamnit, don't look at me that way. What happened to your mother had nothing to do with me. It did. You said you were gonna come back. You promised. Is that what she said? That's a female lie. That's bullshit! That a lie! I found your letters. I read them right after she did it. You said you were gonna come back for us. You said you loved her, and she believed you. You're a liar!
Where'd you get this tattoo? Subic Bay, Philippines, sir. I thought I recognized that work. Be proud of those wings. They're the only one you're leaving here with, Mayo-NAISE.
Mayo, I want your D.O.R. No, sir. You can kick me outta here, but I ain't quitting. Get into your fatigues, Mayo. By the end of this weekend, you'll quit.
You can forget it! You're out! Don't you do it! Don't! You... I got nowhere else to go! I got nowhere else to g... I got nothin' else.
 Zack, when you're through with a girl, what do you do? Do you you say something or do you just... disappear? I never had a girl.
Lynette, marry me. Make me the happiest man in the whole world. I'm sorry, Sid, but I don't wanna marry you. I really like you. We've had ourselves some really great times, but I thought you understood. I want to marry a pilot. I want to live my life overseas. The wife of an aviator... Damn you! Goddamn you! Nobody DOR's after 11 weeks! NOBODY!
Akin na pera mo! But I have no money! Bullshit!
Who the hell is that guy? That's you momma and daddy for the next thirteen weeks.
Sir, this officer candidate request permission to see you in private... sir. Mayo, the whole class already knows about Candidate Worley, and we're sorry. Oh, I'm sure you are.
You didn't kick him out, did you? Wait, sir! Didn't he tell you what he's been going through? It doesn't matter what he's been going through; that's what bartenders are for. What does matter is that he freaked out for some reason at twenty-five thousand feet, and that can happen. Period. There's this girl that he's gotten pregnant, and she's putting him through hell, sir. He's right, Zack. It doesn't matter. Just like that? It's all over? With less than two weeks to go, you're out? It can still happen to you too, Mayo-naise. I am talking to you, motherfucker! What did you call me?
Hey. Hey, kid. Are you Zack? Yes, sir. I'm Byron; nice to meet you. Yes, sir.
Congratulations, Ensign Mayo. Thank you, sir. Gunnery Sgt, Ensign Mayo, sir. I'll never forget you. Get the hell out of here.
Congratulations, Ensign Seegar. Thank you, sir. Gunnery Sgt, Ensign Seegar, sir.
"There are only two things come out of Arizona. they are steers and queers."
Sergeant Foley, can't you see; a Puget Deb is after me; please don't let me catch my tail; I'd be better off in the country jail...! My mom was a Deb, my grandma too; that's all them gals know how to do; she'll catch my butt before she's through; Sergeant Foley, it's up to you!
Candidate Mayo's strutting in the dirt; look at his face, he's starting to hurt; here he is, thinking he's a great big star; but before too long, he's gonna D.O.R.; seen guys like you a hundred times; I'm telling you, Mayo, I'm one of a kind; gonna give you more than you can take; I'm gonna watch you crumble and watch you break!
Now this is my idea of an ass bandit. Wait till some of the local girls get a look at you, Scrotum Head.
You're one of those girls who couldn't get enough of daddy's attention because he really wanted a son... That's right, walk around, Sugar Britches!
I don't believe what I'm seein'. Where've you been all your lives? At an orgy? Listening to Mick Jagger and bad-mouthin' our country, I'll bet!
In every class, there's always one joker who thinks that he's smarter than me. In that class, that happens to be you. Isn't it, Mayo-naise?
There's not gonna be any liberty for you boys, 'cause you'll be going home by then.
"I woke up in this Japanese family's rec-room and they would NOT stop screaming."
"I woke up this s'morning and I shit a squirrel, literally... The hell of it is, the damn things still alive, now I got this, shit covered squirrel down there in the office, don't know what to name it..."
That's the smell of desire, m'lady. Well... desire smells like that to some people!
Mmm, I just burnt my tongue.
... You're not Ron.
Jazz flute is for little fairy boys.
Coming out with stink like that... poop... you poop-mouth, there's poop coming out of your mouth... Garth, if I were to give you some money from out of my wallet... would that help ease the pain? I hate you Ron Burgundy, I hate you!
Thanks for watching Channel 4 News. You stay classy, San Diego. I'm Ron Burgundy? Dammit, who typed a question mark on the TelePrompter? How many times do I have to tell you? Anything you type, Burgundy will read!
Hey Broseph! Did you just throw a burrito out the window? Now this is happenin'! Oh, yeah? Well, you're about to be in... dead place! I am going to straight-up murder your ass! Ugh! I did not see that coming! Oh, COME ON! It's getting to be ri-goddamn-diculous! Como estan, Beetches! Spanish language news is here! Today's top story: The sewers run red with Burgundy's blood! Policia! Here's tonight's Channel 4 News, with five-time Emmy award-winning anchor, Ron Burgundy, and Tits McGee. Not so fast, you ingrates. Public News Team is taking a break from its pledge drive to kick some ass. No commercials, no mercy! They have a saying in my country for people like him. The coyote of the desert always likes to eat the heart of the young. Where the blood drips down to the children for breakfast, lunch and dinner... only the ribs will be broken into two...
What do you love? I love poetry, and a glass of scotch, and, of course, my friend Baxter here. Well, now, guess what, this is happening. Excuse me... excuse me... what are you doing? That's how I roll!
Don't get me wrong, I love the ladies. I mean they rev my engines, but they don't belong in the newsroom! It is anchorMAN, not anchorLADY! And that is a scientific fact! I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT! You're with us, Ron, what do you think? Shit! Sh... it's terrible! She has beautiful eyes, and her hair smells like cinnamon! Mhm! LOUD NOISES!!
I think I was in love once. Really? What was her name? I don't remember. That's not a good start, but keep going... She was Brazilian, or Chinese, or something weird. I met her in the bathroom of a K-Mart and we made out for hours. Then we parted ways, never to see each other again. I'm pretty sure that's not love. Damn it!
Sex Panther by Odeon. This stuff is illegal in 9 countries. It's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good. It's quite pungent. It's a formidable scent, it stings the nostrils... in a good way. Yup. Brian, I'm gonna be honest with you, that smells like pure gasoline. They've done studies, you know. They say 60% of the time, it works every time. That doesn't make any sense.
Excuse me, Veronica. Yes what is it Brick? I would like to extend to you, an invitation to the Pants Party. Excuse me?... The party... the pants... party with the pants? Brick are you saying that there is a party in your pants and that i'm invited. That's it. Did Brian tell you to say this Brick? No... YES. Okay. No I don't want to go to a party in your pants... Very well. IAN! Would you like to go to a party in my pants?
I love... carpet. I love... desk. Brick, are you just looking at things in the office and saying that you love them? I love lamp. Do you really love the lamp, or are you just saying it because you saw it? I love lamp! I love lamp.
The bottom line is you've been spending a lot of time with this lady, Ron. You're a member of the Channel Four News Team. That's a given. We need you. Hell, I need you. I'm a mess without you. I miss you so damn much. I miss being with you, I miss being near you. I miss your laugh. I miss your scent; I miss your musk. When this all gets sorted out, I think you and me should get an apartment together. Take it easy, Champ. Why don't you stop talking for a while?
What's this? Well, well, well, Ron Burgundy and the Channel 4 News Team. Hello, Wes Mantooth, hello, Evening News team. Nice clothes, gentlemen! I didn't know that the Salvation Army was having a sale. Am I right? Am I right? Look at these guys! Hey, where did you get those clothes, the... toilet... store? What are you doing on our station's turf, Burgundy? You're about to get a serious beat down. I will smash your face into a car windshield, and then take your mother Dorothy Mantooth out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again! Dorothy Mantooth is a saint! You understand me? Dorothy Mantooth is a saint! Hey, leave the mothers out of this. It's unnecessary. Besides, I'm sure Wes here is just upset about finishing second in the ratings again. That's completely uncalled for, Burgundy. You know those rating systems are flawed. They don't take in account houses that have... uh... more than two television sets... and... other things of that nature. I guess I have to take you at your word, No. 2. You have a great day, fellas, we'll see you around the bend.
1001, 1002, 1003. Uh, Mr. Burgundy? Helen said that you needed to see me. Oh, Miss Corningstone. I wasn't expecting company. Just doing my workout. Tuesday's arms and back. Well, you asked me to come by, sir. Oh, did I? Yes. Ohh, it's a deep burn! Oh, it's so deep! Oh, I can barely lift my right arm 'cause I did so many. I don't know if you heard me counting, I did over a thousand.
Boy, that escalated quickly... I mean, that really got out of hand fast! It jumped up a notch. It did, didn't it? Yeah, I stabbed a man in the heart. I saw that! Brick killed a guy! Did you throw a trident? Yeah, there were horses, and a man on fire, and I killed a guy with a trident. Brick, I've been meaning to talk to you about that. You should probably find yourself a safehouse or a relative close by. Lay low for a while, because you're probably wanted for murder.
I friggin' love you! I friggin' love you back!
Discovered by the Germans in 1904, they named it San Diego, which of course in German means "a whale's vagina"... No, there's no way that's correct. I'm sorry, I was trying to impress you. I don't know what it means. I'll be honest, I don't think anyone knows what it means anymore. Scholars maintain that the translation was lost hundreds of years ago. Doesn't it mean "Saint Diego"? No. No. No, that's - that's what it means. Really. Agree to disagree.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal. Really. People know me. Well, I'm very happy for you. I'm very important. I have many leather-bound books... and my apartment smells of... rich mahogany.
Last time I looked in the dictionary, my name's Ron Burgundy. What's your name? Brian Fantana. Champ Kind. Brian Fantana. No, you're Brick. Brian. I'm Brian. Veronica.
Let's go to Brian Fantana who's live on the scene with a Channel 4 News exclusive. Brian? Panda Watch! The mood is tense; I have been on some serious, serious reports but nothing quite like this. I, uh... Ching... King is inside right now. I tried to get an interview with him, but they said no, you can't do that he's a live bear, he will literally rip your face off. Hey, you're making me look stupid. Get out here, Panda Jerk!
Look, the most glorious rainbow ever! Oh, do me on it!
VERONICA CORNINGSTONE AND I HAD SEX AND NOW WE ARE IN LOVE!!... Did I say that loud? Yeah, you pretty much yelled it.
Wait, Veronica, please tell me this is some kind of sick tasteless joke. You weren't here! Why are you being this way? Why can't you just be proud of me as a peer and my gentleman lover? I can't believe you did this to me! You read my news! I told you that I wanted to be an anchor. I told you that. I thought you were kidding! I thought it was a joke, I even wrote it down in my diary. "Veronica had a very funny joke today." I laughed at it later that night! I can't believe that I cared for you! Get out! Just go! We are through! Through! Because of your actions, you scorpion woman! You have broken my heart, Mr. Burgundy. You have broken my heart.
Where did you get a hand grenade, Brick? I don't know.
You are a smelly pirate hooker! You look like a blueberry! Why don't you go back to your home on Whore Island! Well you... have bad hair! What did you say? I said... your hair looks stupid.
You dirtbags have been in third place for five years. Oh, yeah? Well, you're about to be in... dead place!
Veronica Corningstone. Hello. This is your doctor. I have your pregnancy results here, and guess what? You, you got knocked up, so you should probably get out of news. Who is this!? This is Doctor Chim... Dr. Chim Richalds... Richalds. Is this you Ron!? I'm a professional doctor, you saw me... you don't remember. You were drunk. You should... you should get out of news. This is pathetic. You're pathetic. How'd it go? I think she bought it.
Mr. Burgundy, I am a professional and I would like to do my job. Big deal! I am very professional! Mr. Burgundy, you are acting like a baby. I'm not a baby, I'm a MAN, I am an ANCHORMAN! You are not a man. You are a big fat joke! I'm a man who discovered the wheel and built the Eiffel Tower out of metal and brawn. That's what kind of man I am. You're just a woman with a small brain. With a brain a third the size of us. It's science.
My God, what is that smell? That's the smell of desire my lady. God no, it smells like, like a used diaper... filled with Indian food! Oh, excuse me. You know, desire smells like that to some people. What is that? Smells like a turd covered in burnt hair. It smells like Bigfoot's dick! This is worse than when that raccoon got in the photocopier!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!!!
LOUD NOISES!!!
Oh that's just great! You hear that, Ed? BEARS! Now you are putting the whole station in jeopardy.
I immediately regret this decision.
I know that one day we will be married on top of a mountain, and there will to be flutes playing and trombones and flowers and garlands of fresh... herbs. And we will dance... until the sun rises! And then our children will form a family band, and we will tour the countryside and you won't be invited!
Oooh, she has got a big ole' behind! I mean, I'd like to slap some barbecue sauce on that big ol' butt and just uh burr burr burr burr burrrr. OOwwwwooooo!!!!
... The mood is tense, Fantana!
Mmmmm... I look good. I mean really good. Hey, everyone! Come and see how good I look!
Put down the gun, and let the marching band go. We'll play it off as a prank.
I have no idea where he would have gotten ahold of German pornography. But you and I are mature adults; we've both seen our share of pornographic materials. Oh, you never have? Of course you haven't, how stupid of me. Neither have I. I was just speaking in generalities. Right. I'll stop by the school a little later, Sister Margaret. Bye.
I read somewhere that their periods attract bears. The bears can smell the menstruation.
Hey, Ron! I'm riding a furry tractor!
Oh no, last night... oh, I stayed home for awhile, drank about six bottles of white wine, pissed my pants, so I drove down to Mexico, and shot some stray dogs. You know, pretty much standard Tuesday night.
NEWS TEAM! ASSEMBLE!
Sky rockets in flight. Afternoon delight. Phhtt. I make fart noises with my mouth. Phhtt. Phhtt.
Oh, Baxter, you are my little gentleman. I'll take you to foggy London town, because you are my little gentleman. Mmm, this burrito is delicious, but it is filling.
Come again? You know I don't speak Spanish. In English, please. What? You pooped in the refrigerator? And you ate the whole... wheel of cheese? How'd you do that? I'm not even mad, that's amazing.
I'm storming your castle on my steed, m'lady... Wait, wait, stop that. I can't understand what you're saying... Oh, we're going!
You know how to cut to the core of me, Baxter. You're so wise. Like a miniature Buddha, covered with hair.
From deep down in my stomach, with every inch of me, I pure, straight hate you. But goddammit, do I respect you!
You're a dirty pirate hooker... Why don't you go back to your home on Whore Island?
Hello. I couldn't help but notice you from across the party, and... I don't normally do this, but I felt compelled to tell you something. You have... the most breathtaking... hiney. I mean that thing is good. I wanna be friends with it... Do you know who I am?... I don't know how to put this but I'm kind of a big deal... People know me... I'm very important. I have many leather-bound books and my apartment smells of rich mahogany.
No, she gets a special cologne... It's called Sex Panther by Odeon. It's illegal in nine countries... Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good... They've done studies, you know. Sixty percent of the time, it works every time.
AUDREY! Get in here, I look like hell! I've got bags under my eyes! What's that? Well, if you were a man, I'd punch you. I'd punch you right in the mouth. This is bush. Bush league!
How now, brown cow? How now, brown cow?
The arsonist has oddly shaped feet.
The Human Torch was denied a bank loan.
Thirty seconds? We're on in 30 seconds? We're on air now? I don't believe you.
Unique New York. Unique New York.
What? You read my news?... I thought it was a joke. I thought is was funny. I even wrote it down in my diary that night. "Veronica had a very funny joke today..." We are through! Through! Because of your actions, you-you scorpion woman!
Apparently, my son was on something called "Acid", and was shooting a bow and arrow into a crowd.
By the beard of Zeus!
By the Fishing Skills of Paul Ferguson!
Dorothy Mantooth is a saint!!!
Excusez-moi, Numero two!
Um, Brick, before I let you go, are you still having your celebrity golf tournament? Um, no, no... too many people died last year, so we're not gonna do it.
Great Odin's raven!
Hey! Where did you get those clothes? At the... toilet... store?
I am a man! I am an ANCHORman!... I'm a man who invented the wheel and built the Eiffel Tower out of metal and brawn. That's what kind of man I am. You're just a woman with a small brain. With a brain a third the size of us. It's science.
I am hung... over.
I ate a big red candle.
I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship that was used during the Civil War era.
I hate you, Ron Burgundy! I hate you! Can't say one word? Even the guy who can't think said something and you just stand there? Cmon!
I know what you're thinking. And the answer is yes, I do have a nickname for my penis. It's called The Octagon. But I've also nicknamed my testes. The left one is James Westfall, and the right one is Dr. Kenneth Noisewater. You ladies play your cards right, you might just get to meet the whole gang.
I love scotch. Scotchy, scotch, scotch. Here it goes down, down into my belly.
I love... lamp. I love lamp.
I stabbed a man in the heart!
I will smash Royce Bruno in the face.
I will smash your face into a car windshield then take your mother, Dorothy Mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again.
I would like to extend to you an invitation to the pants party.
I'm all about having a good time. You know, get a couple cocktails in me, start a fire in someone's kitchen or go to Sea World, take my pants off.
I'm Brian Fantana.
I'm Brick Tamland. People seem to like me because I am polite and I am rarely late. I like to eat ice cream and I really enjoy a nice pair of slacks. Years later, a doctor will tell me that I have an I.Q. of 48 and I am what some people call mentally retarded.
I'm going to shoot you with a BB gun. In the, back of the head.
I'm gonna punch you in the ovary, that's what I'm gonna do. A straight shot. Right in the babymaker.
I'm good at three things; fighting, screwing, and reading the news. Now I've already done one of those three today so what's the other one gonna be, huh?
I'm in a glass case of emotion!
I'm proud of you fellas. You all kept your head on a swivel, and that's what you gotta do when you find yourself thrust into the middle of vicious cockfight.
I'm Ron Burgundy. Go fuck yourselves, San Diego.
I'm Ron Burgundy. You stay classy, San Diego.
I'm very aroused.
If you want to throw down in fisticuffs, fine, I've got Jack Johnson and Tom O'Leary waitin' for ya... right here!
Is that you, Baxter? Bark twice if you're in Milwaukee. Is this Wilt Chamberlain?
It truly is beauty and the beast... and a rather handsome beast I might add.
It's so damn hot! Milk was a bad choice...
Knights of Columbus, that hurt!
Ladies and gentlemen, can I please have your attention. I've just been handed a urgent and horrifying news story, and I need all of you, to stop what you're doing and listen. Cannonball!
Listen to Burgundy! He's gone soft on us, like some school boy bitch.
Mr. Burgundy, you have a massive erection.
Nice clothes gentlemen. I didn't know the Salvation Army was having a sale.
Oh, sorry, Champ... I think I ate your Chocolate Squirrel.
Ooh, a formidable scent. It's quite pungent. It... it stings the nostrils... Brian, to be honest with you, that smells like pure gasoline.
Oop... I almost forgot. I won't be able to make it, fellas. Veronica and I trying this new fad called, uh, jogging. I believe it's "jogging" or "yogging". It might be a soft j. I'm not sure but apparently you just run for an extended period of time! It's supposed to be wild.
Ron, there are literally thousands of men that I should be with instead, but I'm 72 percent sure that I love you.
Son of a bee sting!
Stop calling your arms guns!
Sweet Lincoln's mullet.
The biggest story of the year, and my anchorwoman disappears?? Dammit... get me a phone. I can't believe I'm about to do this... I'd rather slit my throat.
The only way to bag a classy lady is to give her two tickets to the gun show and see if she likes the goods.
Today, we spell redemption R-O-N.
Well you... have bad hair.
Whammy!
What do you think this is? Amateur hour?!
When in Rome...
Yeah, there were horses, and a man on fire, and I killed a guy with a trident!
You bitch!!
You look like a blueberry!
You woke the bears! Why did you do that?
You've got a dirty, whorish mouth, that's what you have.
Leave these people alone. They mean you no harm. We Bears are a proud race. They must pay for their intrusion. On my journey I met one of your kind. His name was Katow-jo. We became friends. Katow-jo is my cousin. Go in peace. I will tell tales of your compassion. Fare thee well, Baxter. You shall always be friend of the bears.
...I don't know.
You're going to burn for this, Angel. I know. In hell.
"Louis Cyphre"... "Lucifer". Even your NAME is a dime store joke. "Mephistopheles" is SUCH a mouthful in Manhattan, Johnny.
Have you ever watched the Mickey mouse club? No. Well you know what today is? It's Wednesday, anything can happen day.
How did he die? Technically? Asphyxiation by his own genitalia. And not so technically? Somebody cut his dick off, stuffed it in his mouth and choked him to death.
What's your name? Epiphany Proudfoot. Your mother left you a very beautiful name, Epiphany. Not much else.
Are you an atheist? Yeah, I'm from Brooklyn.
Alas... how terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise, Johnny?
Hallelujah! Permit me to be transmittable, Hallelujah! Permit me to be reincarnatable, Hallelujah! Permit me to be reproducible, Hallelujah! For His Kingdom is yours! Today! Right now! Follow me! Follow me! Follow me through His peace! Yes! Oh Hallelujah!
I gotta thing about chickens.
I have old-fashioned ideas about honour. An eye for an eye... stuff like that.
I know who I am!
I want you to show right now how much you love God! I want you to show as your tithe! I want you to open up your hearts! And open up your wallets! And open up your purses! And give it up! Praise the Lord! Somebody's been talking about me, talking about I've been riding around in a Cadillac! If you love me, and you wanna give to me, then I should be in a Rolls Royce!
No matter how cleverly you sneak up on a mirror, your reflection always looks you straight in the eye.
The flesh is weak, Johnny. Only the soul is immortal. And yours belongs to ME.
They say there's enough religion in the world to make men hate each other, but not enough to make them love.
You come straight with me, you slime bag, or I swear, I'll save this state an execution!
You know what they say about slugs. They always leave slime in their tracks.
You'd have enjoyed our gumbo.
He wants his women young and picked... The men must all be very old, the women warm, the champagne cold.
How do you want to play... honest?
In the last analysis, it is a question of money. The nickel today is not what it used to be ten years ago. Well, I'll go further than that. I'll get off at the depot. The nickel today is not what it was fifteen years ago. Do you know what this country needs today?... A seven-cent nickel. Yessiree, we've been using the five-cent nickel in this country since 1492. Now that's pretty near a hundred years' daylight saving. Now, why not give the seven-cent nickel a chance? If that works out, next year we could have an eight-cent nickel. Think what that would mean. You could go to a newsstand, buy a three-cent newspaper and get the same nickel back again. One nickel carefully used would last a family a lifetime! Captain Spaulding, I think that is a wonderful idea. You do, huh? Yes. Then there can't be much to it. Forget about it.
Well, I've always tried to do what I could, especially in the world of art. Art. Well, I don't know how we drifted around to that, but what is your opinion of art? I am very glad you asked me! I withdraw the question! This fellow takes things seriously, it isn't safe to ask him a simple question. Tell me, Mr. Chandler, where are you planning on putting your new opera house? Oh, I thought I should like to put it somewhere near Central Park. I see. Why don't you put it right in Central Park? Could we do that? Sure, do it at night when no one is looking. Why don't you put it in the reservoir and get the whole thing over with? Of course, that might interfere with the water supply. But after all we must remember that "art is art". Still, on the other hand, water is water, isn't it? And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like apple sauce, they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does.
Hooray for Captain Spaulding, the African explorer! Did someone call me schnorrer? Hooray, hooray, hooray! He went into the jungle where all the monkeys throw nuts. If I stay here, I'll go nuts. Hooray, hooray, hooray! He put all his reliance/ In courage and defiance/ And risked his life for science. Hey, hey! He is the only white man who covered every acre... I think I'll try and make her... Hooray, hooray, hooray!
"In care of Hungadunga, Hungadunga, Hungadunga, and McCormack..." You've left out a Hungadunga! You've left out the main one, too. Thought you could slip one over on me, didn't you, eh? All right, leave it out and put in a windshield wiper instead. I tell you what you do, Jamison. I tell you what. Make it, uh, make it three windshield wipers and one Hungadunga. They won't all be there when the letter arrives, anyhow. "Hungadunga, Hungadunga, Hungadunga... and McCormack." "...and McCormack." "Gentlemen, question mark." "Gentlemen, Question Mark!!" Put it on the penultimate, not on the dipthonic. You want to brush up on your Greek, Jamison. Well, get a Greek and brush up on him! "In re yours of the fifteenth." I see. Now, uh, you said a lot of things here that I didn't think were important, so I just omitted them. Well!... Whoa, Captain! Good gracious! Oh, my! So... you just omitted them, eh?... You just omitted the body of the letter, that's all. You've just left out the body of the letter, that's all! Yours not to reason why, Jamison! You've left out the body of the letter!... All right, send it that way and tell them the body'll follow. Do you want the body in brackets? No, it will never get there in brackets. Put it in a box. Put it in a box and mark it "fragilly". Mark it what? Mark it "fragilly". F-R-A-G... Look it up, Jamison. It's in the dictionary. Look under "fragile". Look under the table if you don't find it there. "Quotes, unquotes, and quotes." That's three quotes? Yes, sir. Add another quote and make it a gallon. How much is it a gallon, Jamison? Regards. Regards. That's a fine letter, Jamison, that's an epic. That's dandy. Now, I want you to make two carbon copies of that letter and throw the original away. And when you get through with that, throw the carbon copies away. Just send a stamp, airmail, that's all. You may go, Jamison. I may go too.
Captain, this leaves me speechless. Well, see that you remain that way.
I wish you'd get Johnny Parker out of your mind and show more respect to Mr. Chandler. The trouble with you is, you don't take these social affairs seriously. What would you suggest, Mom? Suicide?
I'm fascinated. I'm "fascinated" too. Right on the arm.
How did you get to be Roscoe W. Chandler? Say, how did you get to be an Italian? Never mind that, whose confession is this?
Here's what-a we got. Something was stolen. Stolen where? In-a this house. Stolen by who? "Somebody in the house." Now to find the painting, all you got to do is go to everybody in the house and ask 'em if they took it. You know, I could rent you out as a decoy for duck hunters. You say you're gonna go to everybody in the house and ask them if they took the painting. Suppose nobody in the house took the painting? Go to the house next door. That's great. Suppose there isn't any house next door? Well, then of course, we gotta build one. Well now you're talkin'. What kind of a house do you think we ought to put up? Well, I tell ya. Captain. You see, my idea of a house is something nice, and a-small, and comfortable. That's the way I feel about it. I don't want anything elaborate. Just a little place that I can call home and tell the wife I won't be there for dinner. I see, you just want a telephone booth.
Hey, Captain. It come to me like a flash! This painting wasn't stolen. Ha! You know what happened? This painting, Captain, disappeared, and yes, it disappeared. And you know what make it disappear? You'll never guess, Captain. What do you think-a make-a this painting disappear, huh? Moths! Moths eat it... Left-handed moths. Go away. Go away. I'll be all right in a minute. Left-handed moths ate the painting, eh? Yeah, it's a-my own solution. I wish you were in it. Left-handed moths ate the painting. You know, I'd buy you a parachute if I thought it wouldn't open. Hey, I got pair-a shoes. Come on, let's go down and get the reward. We solved it, you solved it. The credit is all yours. The painting was eaten by a left-handed moth. Hey, you know, we did a good day's work. How do you feel - tired? Maybe you ought to lie down for a couple of years, eh? Why don't you just lie down so rigor mortis sets in. Look, Ravelli, I'll show ya how to get the painting. We'll go to court, and we'll get out a writ of habeas corpus. You're gonna get rid-a what? Oh, I should never have started that way, I can see that.
I gotta-a an idea how to find-a this painting. In a case like this that is so mysterious, you gotta-a get-a the clues. You gotta-a use-a the Sherlock-a Holmes method... You say to yourself, "What happened?" And the answer come back... "Something was stolen." Then, you-a say to yourself, "What was stolen?" And the answer come back: "A painting." What are you, a ventriloquist? Now you say to yourself, "Where was this painting stolen?" And the answer come back: "In this house." Now so far, I'm-a right, eh? Well, it's pretty hard to be wrong if you keep answering yourself all the time. Now you go a little further and you say to yourself, "Who stole the painting?" This is a very, very important question. Captain, if you got-a the answer, you got-a the solution to the whole thing. Especially if you find the picture. Now you take all-a the clues. You put 'em together. What do ya got, eh? Bread pudding?
Now, what do you say, uh, what do you say, Captain, we build right about here. Here? Here, right about here. Oh, I'd like something over here if I could get it. I don't like Junior crossing the tracks on his way to the reform school. I don't like Junior at all, as a matter of fact. All right, all right. We got something over there. And believe me, that's a-convenient. Oh, that's a-very convenient. Well look, all you gotta do is open the door, step outside, and there you are. There you are? Yeah. There you are where? Outside. But suppose you want to get back in again? You had no right to go out. Well, don't do anything until I hear from you, will ya? Say, maybe that's the painting down in the cellar. That's a-no cellar. That's the roof! That's the roof down there? Yeah, you see, we keep-a the roof in the basement, so when the rain come, the chimney don't get wet.
Say, this is signed Beaugard. There's the criminal, Beaugard. No, Beaugard is dead. Beaugard is dead! Then it's MURDER! Now we've got something.
Here I am talkin' of parties. I came down here for a party. What happens? Nothing. Not even ice cream. The gods looked down and laughed. This would be a better world for children if the parents had to eat the spinach. Well, what do you say, girls? What do you say? Are we all gonna get married? All of us? All of us! But that's bigamy! Yes, and that's big-a-me, too... It's big of all of us. Let's be big for a change. I'm sick of these conventional marriages! One woman and one man was good enough for your grandmother, but who wants to marry your grandmother? Nobody, not even your grandfather. Think, think of the honeymoon, strictly private. I wouldn't let another woman in on this. Well, maybe one or two but no men. I may not go myself. Are you suggesting companionate marriage? Well, it's got its advantages. You could live with your folks and I could live with your folks. And you, you could sell Fuller Brushes.
Africa is God's country, and He can have it. Well, sir, we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 2nd. After fifteen days on the water and six on the boat, we finally arrived on the shores of Africa. We at once proceeded three hundred miles into the heart of the jungle, where I shot a polar bear. This bear was six foot seven in his stocking feet and had shoes on... Pardon me. Just a moment, Captain, just a moment. I always thought that polar bears lived in the frozen North. Oh you did! Well, this bear was anemic and he couldn't stand the cold climate. He was a rich bear and he could afford to go away for the winter. You take care of your animals and I'll take care of mine. Frozen North, my eye! From the day of our arrival, we led an active life. The first morning saw us up at six, breakfasted, and back in bed at seven - this was our routine for the first three months. We finally got so we were back in bed at six thirty. One morning, I was sitting in front of the cabin, smoking some meat. Smoking some meat? Yes. There wasn't a cigar store in the neighborhood. As I say, I was sitting in front of the cabin when I bagged six tigers. Oh, Captain! Six of the biggest tigers... Captain, did you catch six tigers? I bagged them. I... I bagged them to go away, but they hung around all afternoon. They were the most persistent tigers I've ever seen. The principal animals inhabiting the African jungle are moose, elks and Knights of Pythias. Of course, you all know what a moose is. That's big game. The first day, I shot two bucks. That was the biggest game we had. As I say, you all know what a moose is? A moose runs around on the floor, and eats cheese, and is chased by the cats. The Elks, on the other hand live up in the hills, and in the spring they come down for their annual convention. It is very interesting to watch them come to the water hole. And you should see them run when they find it is only a water hole. What they're looking for is an Elk-o-hole. One morning, I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas I don't know. Then we tried to remove the tusks... but they were embedded in so firmly that we couldn't budge them. Of course, in Alabama, the Tusk-a-loosa. But, uh, that's entirely irrelephant to what I was talking about. We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed, but we're going back again in a couple of weeks.
I say, take a letter to my lawyers! Well I am taking it! Honorable Charles H., uh, Hungerdunger, care of Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, and McCormick... semicolon. How do you spell semicolon? All right, make it a comma. Honorable Charles. H. Hungerdunger, care of Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, Hungerdunger, and McCormick. Gentlemen, question mark? Do you want that, uh, in the letter? No, put that in an envelope. Now then. In re yours of the fifth inst., yours to hand and beg to rep... brackets... We have gone over the ground carefully, and we seem to believe, i.e., to wit, e.g., in lieu, that, uh, despite all our... precautionary measures which have been involved... uh, we seem to believe that it is hardly necessary for us to proceed unless we, uh, receive an ipso facto that is not negligible at this moment, quotes, unquotes, and quotes... uh, hoping this finds you, I beg to remain... Hoping this finds him where? Well, let him worry about that. Don't be so inquisitive, Jamison. Sneak. I say, hoping this finds you, I beg to remain, as of June 9th, cordially yours, regards. That's all, Jamison.
In a case like this, the first thing to do is to find the motive. Now what could have been the motive of the guys that swiped the Beaugard? I got it. Robbery. Would you mind going out and crossing the boulevard when the lights are against you?
What do you fellas get an hour? For playing, we get-a ten dollars an hour. I see. What do you get for not playing? Twelve dollars an hour. Well, clip me off a piece of that. Now for rehearsing, we make special rate. That's-a fifteen dollars an hour... That's-a for rehearsing. And what do you get for not rehearsing? You couldn't afford it. You see, if we don't rehearse, we a-don't play, and if we don't play - that runs into money. How much would you want to run into an open manhole? Just-a the cover charge! Ha, ha, ha. Well, drop in some time. Sewer. Well, we cleaned that up pretty well. Well, let's see how-a we stand. Flat-footed. Yesterday, we didn't come. You remember, yesterday we didn't come? Oh, I remember. Yes, that's three hundred dollars. Yesterday, you didn't come, that's three hundred dollars? Yes, three hundred dollars. Well, that's reasonable. I can see that alright. Now today, we did come. That's-a... That's a hundred you owe us. Hey, I bet I'm gonna lose on the deal. Tomorrow we leave. That's worth about... One million dollars.
Yes, I've heard about you for a great many years, Mr. Chandler, and I'm getting pretty darn sick of it, too. Quite naturally, I have also heard of the great Captain Spaulding. Well, that's fine. I've heard of you and you've heard of me. Now have you ever heard the one about the two Irishmen? Oh yes, ha, ha, ha. Well, now that I've got you in hysterics, let's get down to business. My name is Spaulding, Captain Spaulding. I am Roscoe W. Chandler. And I am Jeffrey T. Spaulding. I betcha don't know what the "T" stands for? Uh, Thomas? Edgar. You were close though. You were close, though, and you still are, I'll bet. Now this is what I want to talk to you about, Mr. Chandler. How would you like to finance a scientific expedition? Well, that is a question. Yes, that is a question. You certainly know a question when you see it. I congratulate you... there's one thing that I've always wanted to do before I quit. What is that? Retire. Now, would you be interested in a proposition of that kind? You know, I've always had an idea that my retirement would be the greatest contribution to science that the world has ever known. This is your chance, Mr. Chandler, when I think of what you have done for this country. And by the way, what have you done for this country?
Hello, I must be going I cannot stay I came to say I must be going...
Pardon me while I have a strange interlude. Why, you couple of baboons! What makes you think I'd marry either one of you! Strange how the wind blows tonight. It has a tintity voice, reminds me of poor old Moslin. How happy I could be with either of these two if both of them just went away!
Yes, I don't think I've ever seen four more beautiful eyes in my life. Well, three anyway. You know, you two girls have everything. You're tall and short and slim and stout and blonde and brunette, and that's just the kind of a girl I crave. We three would make an ideal couple. Why, you've got beauty, charm, money. You have got money, haven't you? 'Cause if you haven't, we can quit right now.
Ever since I've met you, I've swept you off my feet. Something has been throbbing within me, oh, it's been beating like the incessant tom-tom in the primitive jungle. Something that I must ask you...Would you wash out a pair of socks for me?... It's just my way of telling you that I love you, that's all.
Wait a minute. I think you're right. It is pretty bad. As a matter of fact, it's one of the frowziest looking joints I've ever seen... Where did you get your wallpaper? You're letting this place run down, and what's the result? You're not getting the class of people that you used to. Why, you've got people here now that look like you. Now, I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll put up a sign outside - Placed Under New Management. We'll set up a seventy-five-cent meal that will knock their eyes out. After we knock their eyes out, we can charge 'em anything we want. Now, sign here and give me your check for fifteen hundred dollars. Now, I want to tell you, madam, that with this insurance policy you are provided for your little ones and for your old age, which will be here in a couple of weeks now - if I'm any judge of horse flesh.
Why, you're one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen, and that's not saying much for you.
Well, all the jokes can't be good! You've got to expect that once in a while.
Do you mind if I don't smoke?
Take the marriage problem. Take the foreign problem. Take Abyssinia. Say, you take Abyssinia and I'll take a hot fudge sundae on rye bread.
The gates swung open and a Fig Newton entered.
Well, what do I owe ya?... What? From Africa to here, a dollar eighty-five? That's an outrage. I told you not to take me through Australia. You know it's all ripped up. You should have come right up the Lincoln Boulevard.
Well, you go Uruguay and I'll go mine.
You think it's a mystery now, wait 'til you see it tomorrow... That's me. Captain Yard of Scotland Spaulding. I always get my women or painting.
Let's take the cheese.
Dad! Mom, Dad, this is Larry Kroger. The boy who molested me last month. We have to get married.
Ramming speed!!
We have an old saying in Delta House: don't get mad, get even.
Now, what can we say of John Milton's Paradise Lost? It's a long poem, written a long time ago, and I'm sure a lot of you have difficulty understanding exactly what Milton was trying to say. Certainly we know that he was trying to describe the struggle between good and evil, right? Okay. The most intriguing character, as we all know from our reading, was... Satan. Now was Milton trying to tell us that being bad was more fun than being good? OK, don't write this down, but I find Milton probably as boring as you find Milton. Mrs. Milton found him boring too. He's a little bit long-winded, he doesn't translate very well into our generation, and his jokes are terrible. But that doesn't relieve you of your responsibility for this material. Now I'm waiting for reports from some of you... Listen, I'm not joking. This is my job!
Otter, don't flatter yourself. It really wasn't that great.
You can take your thumb out of my ass any time now, Carmine.
Do you mind if we dance with your dates?
Hey! What's this lying around shit? Well, what the hell we s'posed to do, you moron? War's over, man. Wormer dropped the big one. Over? Did you say "over"? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no! Germans? Forget it, he's rolling. And it ain't over now. 'Cause when the goin' gets tough... the tough get goin'! Who's with me? Let's go! What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know? Where's the spirit? Where's the guts, huh? This could be the greatest night of our lives, but you're gonna let it be the worst! "Ooh, we're afraid to go with you Bluto, we might get in trouble." Well, just kiss my ass from now on! Not me! I'm not gonna take this! Wormer, he's a dead man! Marmalard, dead! Niedermeyer-- Dead! Bluto's right. Psychotic, but absolutely right. We gotta take these bastards. Now we could do it with conventional weapons, but that could take years and cost millions of lives. No, I think we have to go all out. I think that this situation absolutely requires a really futile and stupid gesture be done on somebody's part. And we're just the guys to do it. Let's do it. LET'S DO IT!!
Kroger, your Delta Tau Chi name is Pinto. Why Pinto? Why not? What's my Delta Tau Chi name? Dorfman, l've given this a lot of thought. From now on... your name is Flounder.
It's not gonna be an orgy! It's a toga party. Honestly, Boon, you're twenty-one years old. In six months you're going to graduate, and tomorrow night you're going to wrap yourself in a bed sheet and pour grain alcohol all over your head. It's cute, but I think I'll pass this time. Want me to go alone? Baby, I don't want you to go at all. It's a fraternity party, I'm in the fraternity. How can I miss it? I'll write you a note. I'll say you're too well to attend. That's funny. Very funny.
Jesus Christ! What happened? You look grotesque! Some of the Omegas did a little dance on my face. Who was it? It was Greggie and Douggie... and some of the other Hitler youth. What did you do? I don't know. They're just animals, I guess.
Jesus. What's going on? They confiscated everything, even the stuff we didn't steal. They took the bar! The whole fucking bar! Thanks. I needed that. Christ. This is ridiculous. What are we going to do? Road trip.
Where are you going? Home. We just got here. No, Boon, you just got here. I've been downstairs for an hour entertaining some kid from Pig's Knuckle, Arkansas. Maybe we could drive up to your folks' place this weekend. Oh, fabulous. My car filled with your beer buddies going up to empty my parents' liquor cabinet. It's too depressing to think about. No! Just gonna be you and me. And Otter and another girl. Is this really what you're gonna do for the rest of your life? What do you mean? Hanging around with a bunch of animals getting drunk every weekend. No! After I graduate, I'm gonna get drunk every night. Boon, I think I'm in love with a retard. Is he bigger than me?
You going out tonight, Otter? Uh-huh. Norma? No, let me give you a hint. She's got a couple of major-league yabos. Beverly! No, but you're getting warmer. Let me give you another hint: "Oh God, Oh God, OH GOD!" Marlene! You're gonna pork Marlene Desmond! Pork? You're gonna hump her brains out. Boon, I anticipate a deeply religious experience.
I want you to fix Pinto up, but it's got to be a very special girl. Look, you don't have to... Now, she should be good-looking, but we're willing to trade looks for a certain... morally casual attitude. You mean you want someone who'll screw on the first date. Well put. You see, Pinto's never been laid. Hey! What'd I say?
Hey, quit your blubberin'. When I get through with this baby you won't even recognize it. Flounder, you can't spend your whole life worrying about your mistakes! You fucked up - you trusted us! Hey, make the best of it! Maybe we can help. That's easy for you to say! What am I going to tell Fred? I'll tell you what. We'll tell Fred you were doing a great job taking care of his car, but you parked it out back last night and in the morning, it was gone. We report it to the police, D-Day takes care of the wreck, the insurance company buys your brother a new car. Will that work? Hey, it's gotta work better than the truth. My advice to you is to start drinking heavily. Better listen to him, Flounder, he's in pre-med. There you go now, just leave everything to me.
Greg, what is the worst fraternity on this campus? Well that would be hard to say, sir. They're each outstanding in their own way. Cut the horseshit, son. I've got their disciplinary files right here. Who dropped a whole truckload of fizzies into the swim meet? Who delivered the medical school cadavers to the alumni dinner? Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear. Every spring, the toilets explode. You're talking about Delta, sir. Of course I'm talking about Delta, you TWERP! This year is going to be different. This year we are going to grab the bull by the BALLS and kick those punks off campus. What do you intend to do sir? Delta's already on probation. They are? Yes, sir. Oh. Then as of this moment, they're on DOUBLE SECRET PROBATION! Double Secret Probation, Sir? There is a little-known codicil in the Faber College constitution which gives the dean unlimited power to preserve order in time of campus emergency. Find me a way to revoke Delta's charter. You live next door. Put Neidermeyer on it. He's a sneaky little shit, just like you, right? The time has come for someone to put their foot down. And that foot is me.
Well, well, well. Looks like somebody forgot there's a rule against alcoholic beverages in fraternities on probation! What a tool. I didn't get that, son, what was that? Uh, I said, "What a shame that a few bad apples have to spoil a good time for everyone by breaking the rules." Put a sock in it, son, or else you'll be outta here like shit through a goose.
Where are the other two - Stratton and Schoenstein? We can't find them, sir. We looked everywhere, but-- Never mind. Did you boys see your grade point averages yet? They're not posted yet, sir. I've seen them. Mr. Kroger, two C's, two D's and an F - that's a 1.2 grade average. Congratulations, Kroger, you're at the top of the Delta pledge class. Mr. Dorfman. Hellooooo. 0.2. Fat, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son. Mr. Hoover, president of Delta House - 1.6. Four C's and an F. A fine example you set. Daniel Simpson Day has no grade point average. All courses incomplete. Mr. Blu - Mr. Blutarsky. Zero POINT zero. Now I want you to tell Mr. Stratton and Mr. Schoenstein exactly what I'm about to tell you right now. And what's that, sir? You're out! Finished at Faber! Expelled! I want you off this campus at 9:00 Monday morning! And I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I have notified your local draft boards and told them that you are now all, ALL eligible for military service. Well? WELL? OUT WITH IT!
I can't believe I threw up in front of Dean Wormer. Face it, Kent. You threw up on Dean Wormer.
Come outta there, you bastards! Who is it? You know damn well who it is! I'm sorry. You'll have to come back later. I'm doing the dishes. Greg! Look at my thumb! Gee, you're dumb.
I'm not going to say Omega's the best house on campus, but a lot of outstanding guys figure they'll pledge Omega or won't pledge at all. We do have more than our share of campus leaders, something that never looks bad on your permanent record. Sure. Everybody says Omega's the best, but I hate to seem... you know, pushy. Let the unacceptable candidates worry about that, because after tonight, they're...
I gave my love a cherry/ That had no stone/ I gave my love a chicken/ That had no bones/ I gave my love a story/ That had no end/ I ga... Sorry.
Have you seen Boon? He disappeared when we got here. He's probably upstairs talking to Otter. No doubt. They're well-known homosexuals. Have another beer, Larry. She's just kidding.
Kent is a legacy, Otter. His brother was a '59, Fred Dorfman. He said legacies usually get asked to pledge automatically. Oh, well, usually. Unless the pledge in question turns out to be a real closet-case. Like Fred.
We're in trouble. I just checked with the guys at the Jewish house and they said that every one of our answers on the Psych test was wrong. Every one? Those assholes must have stolen the wrong fucking exam!
Teaching is just a way to pay the bills until I finish my novel. How long you been workin' on it? Four and a half years. It must be very good. It's a piece of shit. Would anyone like to smoke some pot? Yeah. You ever smoked before? Sure. When did you ever smoke pot? I've done a lot of things you don't know about.
Okay. That means that our whole solar system could be, like one tiny atom in the fingernail of some other giant being. This is too much! That means one tiny atom in my fingernail could be-- Could be one little tiny universe. Could I buy some pot from you?
Before we go any further, there's something l have to tell you. I lied to you. I've never done this before. You've never made out with a girl before? I've never done what I think we're going to do in a minute. I sort of did once-- That's okay. Neither have I. besides, I lied to too. Yeah? What about? I'm only 13!
I hate this. No sweat. My brother Fred was a Delta. That makes me a legacy. They have to take me. It's their law. Don't worry. I'll put in a good word for you. Great. I heard Delta's the worst house on campus.
I won't go schizo, will I? It's a distinct possibility.
If you want this year's homecoming parade in my town, you have to pay for it. Carmine, I don't think it's right that you should extort money from the college. Look, these parades you throw are very expensive. You using my police, my sanitation people, and my Oldsmobiles free of charge. So, if you mention extortion again, I'll have your legs broken.
If I was in your shoes, I'd be... Leaving! What a good idea.
How does it feel to be an independent, Schoenstein? How does it feel to be an asshole, Neidermeyer?
Dress that line. Dress that line, mister! Dress that line, soldier. Mister, hold my mount. You fat, disgusting slob! You're a goddamned disgrace! A vicious mother, isn't he? He can't do that to our pledges. Only we can do that to our pledges. Redo those buttons! Dress that belt buckle! Straighten that cap! And goddamn it, tuck up those pyjamas! Attention! Eyes front! What's that on your chest, mister? It's a pledge pin, sir. A pledge pin! On your uniform?... Just tell me, mister, what fraternity would pledge a man like you? It's a Delta pin, sir.
Hi there, fellows. Meet Ken and Lonny. Larry. Ken, Lonny, l'd like you to meet Mohammet Jugdish, Sidney and Clayton. Grab a seat and make yourselves at home. Don't be shy about helping yourselves to punch and cookies.
The following charges are brought: First, that the Delta house did knowingly violate the rules governing pledge recruitment by serving alcohol to freshmen during pledge week and after established drinking hours. I'd like to address these charges one at a time, if l may. You'll get your chance, smart guy. Get on with it. Second, that for the fifth consecutive semester, Delta has achieved a deficient aggregate grade point average. Half the houses didn't make grades. You will speak when you're told to, and not before! Third, that the Delta fraternity routinely provided dangerous narcotic diet pills to its members during-- That's not true! Not another word! During midterm examination week. And most recently... that a Roman toga party was held from which we have received two dozen reports of individual acts of perversion so profound and disgusting that decorum prohibits listing them here.
We now consecrate the bond of obedience. Assume the position. Thank you, sir. May I have another?
He can't do that do that to our pledges. Only we can do that to our pledges.
Ah, she broke our date. Washing her hair? Dead mother.
Bluto! I think you know everybody here. Greg, can't you-- Don't worry. Just keep your hands and feet away from his mouth. Don't you have any respect for yourself? This is absolutely gross! That boy is a P-I-G, pig! See if you can guess what I am now. I'm a zit. Get it? All right, you bastard. Let's go, right here!
Evening. I'm Shelly Dubinsky, Fawn's roommate. I'm Frank Lymon from Amherst, Fawn's fianc?. Actually, we're engaged to be engaged. What's wrong with everyone here? Why don't we sit down, Frank? I don't know how to tell you... so l'll just tell you. Fawn's dead. She's dead? Did she put you up to this? That minx. What a lively sense of humour. "Sophomore dies in kiln explosion"? Oh, my God! I'm terribly sorry, Frank. I just talked to her last week. She was gonna make a pot for me. If there's anything I can do... You're so nice. I really shouldn't impose on you. No, really. Anything. I don't think I should be alone tonight. Would you go out with me? I'll get my coat. And could you get three dates for my friends?
Flounder, I am appointing you pledge representative to the social committee. Gee Otter, thanks. What do I have to do? It means you have to drive us to the Food King.
Mandy, Mandy Pepperidge. I haven't seen you since we... Go away! I'm sorry, I can only stay a minute. Can I buy you some lunch? Oh, you got your lunch. Well, how about some milk? Got your milk too. Can I just massage your thighs while you eat? Do I have to leave? Is this any way to treat an intimate friend?
Mrs. Wormer, I'm so glad you could come. Cut the crap. Give me a drink.
Point of parliamentary procedure! Don't screw around, they're serious this time! Take it easy, I'm pre-law. I thought you were pre-med. What's the difference? Ladies and gentlemen, I'll be brief. The issue here is not whether we broke a few rules, or took a few liberties with our female party guests - we did. But you can't hold a whole fraternity responsible for the behavior of a few, sick twisted individuals. For if you do, then shouldn't we blame the whole fraternity system? And if the whole fraternity system is guilty, then isn't this an indictment of our educational institutions in general? I put it to you, Greg - isn't this an indictment of our entire American society? Well, you can do whatever you want to us, but I for one am not going to stand here and listen to you badmouth the United States of America. Gentlemen! Order! You've done it this time buster! No more Delta! I'm calling the national office! I'm going to revoke your charter! And if you wiseguys do one more thing, one more, I'm going to kick you out of college! No more fun of any kind!
You guys up for a toga party? Toga! Toga! Ah, I think they like the idea, Hoov.
Mine's bigger than that. My cucumber. It's bigger. I think vegetables can be very sensuous, don't you? No, vegetables are sensual. People are sensuous. Right. Sensual. That's what I meant. My name's Eric Stratton. People call me Otter. My name's Marion. People call me Mrs. Wormer. Oh, we have a Dean Wormer at Faber. How interesting. I have a husband named Dean Wormer at Faber. You still want to show me your cucumber?
I was thinking, maybe we could get some beer. Nah, not tonight. Besides, you might get lucky without it.
We are gonna die. Hey Boon, we're the only white people here.
Fuck her. Fuck her brains out. Suck her tits, squeeze her buns. You know she wants it. For shame! Lawrence, I'm surprised at you! Aw, don't listen to that jack-off. Look at those gazongas. You'll never get a better chance. If you lay one finger on that poor sweet helpless girl, you'll despise yourself forever... I'm proud of you, Lawrence. You homo.
Holy shit! There were blanks in that gun! I didn't even point the gun at him! HOLY SHIT! There WERE blanks in that gun! Maybe he had a heart attack. HOLY SHIT!
Now wait a minute! Okay, this guy is a real zero. That's true. Think back to when you were freshmen. Boon, you had a face like a pepperoni pizza, right? And Stork here. Everybody thought that Stork was brain damaged. I myself was so obnoxious the seniors beat me up once a week. So this guy is a total loser? Let me tell you the story of another loser...
Dorfman! What kind of man hits a defenseless animal? I've got a good mind to smash your fat face. Listen up, you nauseating pile of blubber. Your days are numbered at Faber. You and all your sick Delta buddies. Meantime, your ass belongs to me. Now, drop and give me 20.
You will report to the stable tonight and every night at 1800 hours. And without that pledge pin! Do you understand?
Come on in. Grab a brew. Don't cost nothin'.
Eric Stratton, rush chairman. Damn glad to meet you.
Greg, honey, is it supposed to be this soft?
I hate those guys.
I hope I'm gonna score, oh, boy, oh, boy!
It's gonna be a different day.
May I have ten thousand marbles, please?
Oh, boy, is this great!!
This year we're going to take the bull by the balls and kick those punks off campus. The time has come for somebody to put his foot down, and that foot... is me.
You guys playing cards?
You're all worthless and weak! Now drop and give me twenty!
Thanks, I needed that.
Christ. Seven years of college down the drain. Might as well join the fucking Peace Corps.
A wimp and a blimp!
I have never danced with a English woman before. Nor I with a king. How was the King compared to the other Englishmen? He was charming, very charming. I don't think I will ever forget, how he held held his hand out to me, like I was... One of his 26 wives? Thank you Beebe, I never thought of it in that way. Prehapes you should. Son of teacher forgets that I am son of King. Son of teacher couldn't care less. Louis, remember what I told you. I'm sorry Mother, but he started it. In my country, man never tell a woman he is sorry. If you had father, you would know this. You don't have a father, you have a map. Louis! It is forbidden to touch royalty. I didn't touch you - I shoved you. Why don't you get one of your servants to shove me back? Moonshee, why does the king have so many wives? That is an excellent question - For your mother. Lord Bradley, may I have a moment? I'm afraid a moment is all we have. We're leaving on the next boat, and so should you. My place is here. Your question? Are the British behind these Burmese attacks? Stick to teaching, Ms. Leonowens. It's clear that you know nothing of politics. I know that Burma would never make a move without Englands blessing. Precisely. But, if our economy was threatened, then it would be our duty to protect our interests. Our economy?! Our interests?! The ways of England are the ways of the world, my dear. Yes, a world that I am ashamed to call my own! You forget yourself madam. Now if you will excuse us. No, I will not. You toasted him! You praised him for his learnings! And all the while you were planning to take the throne from him! Well, you should do well to remember your own self, next tine you are cheek to cheek with the king! If Alak crosses the bridge, everything I love will die. But they are only children! Yes, and heirs to the royal throne. What will you do? We will blow up the bridge. Will that work? It will, if he is on it. Your Majesty, promise me, promise me I will see you again! If your Bible is correct, then the world was created in seven days. Who is to say that four men can not stop an army? Mother, look! The king is standing on the bridge. What!? And he is surrounded by thousands of men! Why did you not take everyone to the monastery like I ordered!? Because, your Majesty, I already lost one man to the jungle, I wasn't about to let it happen again. What? I wonder, if it would be proper, to have the honor to dance with school teacher. I have danced with a king before. As have I with a English woman. I never thought, before this moment, Anna Leonowens, that a man could be satisfied with just one woman.
Everyone should have legends. It allows us to dream.
I could not imagine a Siam without you.
It is always surprising how small a part of life is taken up by meaningful moments. Most often they're over before they start even though they cast a light on the future and make the person who originated them unforgettable.
Life is precious, especially when you're a Christian and only allowed one.
Mother, what's a concubine?
When a woman who has much to say says nothing, her silence can be deafening.
This is Miss Lily St. Regis. Named after the hotel. Room service! Which floor?
I am not zoned for dogs.
I make a very dry martini.
Leaping Lizards! Just look at this joint!
My God is that thing real?
Oliver Warbucks the Millionaire!
The Bolsheviks? Leaping lizards!
The sun'll come out Tomorrow, so you gotta hang on till Tomorrow, come what may! Tomorrow, Tomorrow, I love ya, Tomorrow! You're only a day away.
They say it can land on a dime... whatever that may be.
Who cares what they're wearing on Main street, or Saville Row? It's what you wear from ear to ear and not from head to toe that matters... You're never fully dressed without a smile!
Why any kid would want to be an orphan is beyond me.
Why do I smell wet dog?
You had me followed?
La-di-da, la-di-da, la la.
This is Davis... I forgot my mantra.
You always only saw the worst in people. You never could get along with anyone in school. You were always out of step with the world. Even when you got famous, you still mistrusted the world.
Right now, it's only a notion. But I think I can get money to make it into a concept. And later turn it into an idea.
Not only is he a good agent, but he really gives good meeting.
I used to be a heroin addict. Now I'm a methadone addict.
I'm into leather.
You're a thinking person. How can you choose this lifestyle? What is so incredibly great about New York? It's a dying city. You - you read Death in Venice. You didn't read Death in Venice till I gave it to you. Well, you only give me books with the word "death" in the title. It's an important issue. Alvy, you are totally incapable of enjoying life. You're like New York. You're an island. OK, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all! You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here - in a health-food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny. Wait! I'm - I'm gonna go with you. I love you.
I'm in the midst of doing my thesis. On what? Political commitment in twentieth century literature. You, you, you're like New York, Jewish, left-wing, liberal, intellectual, Central Park West, Brandeis University, the socialist summer camps and the, the father with the Ben Shahn drawings, right, and the really, y'know, strike-oriented kind of, red diaper, stop me before I make a complete imbecile of myself. No, that was wonderful. I love being reduced to a cultural stereotype. Right, I'm a bigot, I know, but for the left.
What did I do? You should be ashamed of yourself. Why, I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity. Six year old boys don't have girls on their minds. I did. For god's sakes, Alvy, even Freud speaks of a latency period. Well I never had a latency period. I can't help it. Why couldn't you have been more like Donald? Now there was a model boy.
How often do you sleep together? Do you have sex often? Hardly ever, maybe three times a week. Constantly, I'd say three times a week.
I did it. I killed 'em both. What's the matter? What are you sad about? What did you want me to do? Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em? Don't go, OK? Please? What do ya mean, "don't"? What's the matter? What? Are you expecting termites? What's the matter? I don't know why. I miss you.
Adult education is such junk. The professors are so phony. How can you do it? I don't care what you say about David. He's a perfectly fine teacher. And what are you doing following me around for anyway? I think we'd better call this relationship quits.
Do you know what a hostile gesture that is to me? I know, because of our sexual problem, right? Everybody on line at The New Yorker has to know our rate of intercourse? You know, you're so ego-centric that if I miss my therapy, you can only think of it in terms of how it affects you!... What do you mean, our sexual problem? I mean, I'm comparatively normal for a guy raised in Brooklyn. OK, I'm very sorry. My sexual problem, OK? My sexual problem. Huh? I never read that. That was, that was Henry James, right? Novel, huh, the sequel to The Turn of the Screw, "My Sexual Problem"?
Hey, is something wrong? No, why? I don't know. It's like you're removed. No, I'm fine. Are you with me? Uh, huh. I don't know. You seem sort of distant. Let's just do it, all right? Is it my imagination, or are you just going through the motions? Alvy, do you remember where I put my drawing pad? Because while you two are doing that, I think I'm going to do some drawing. You see, that's what I call removed. No you have my body. Yeah, but I want the whole thing. Well, I need grass. Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass. Because you know, I'm like a comedian. So if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count, you know, 'cause they're always laughing. Were you always funny? Hey, what is this - an interview? We're supposed to be making love.
Hey, what is this? You got black soap? It's for my complexion. What - are you joining a minstrel show?
Hey, you are in a bad mood. You must be getting your period. I'm not getting my period. Jesus, every time anything out of the ordinary happens, you think that I'm getting my period.
I don't want to put a wad of white powder in my nose. There's the nasal membrane... You never want to try anything new, Alvy. How can you say that? Whose idea was it? I said that you, I and that girl from your acting class should sleep together in a threesome. Well, that's sick! Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You didn't say it couldn't be sick.
I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery. Commentary. Oh, really? I heard that Commentary and Dissent had merged and formed Dysentery.
So what - you-you're not gonna come back to New York? What's so great about New York? I mean, it's a dying city. You read Death in Venice. Hey, you didn't read Death in Venice till I bought it for ya. That's right, that's right. You only gave me books with the word "death" in the titles.That's right, 'cause it's an important issue. Alvy, you're incapable of enjoying life, you know that? I mean you're like New York City. You're just this person. You're like this island unto yourself. I can't enjoy anything unless everybody is. If one guy is starving someplace, that puts a crimp in my evening.
The failure of the country to get behind New York City is Anti-Semitism. Max, the city is terribly run. But I'm not discussing politics or economics. This is foreskin. No, no, Max. That's a very convenient out. Every time some group disagrees with you, it's because of Anti-Semitism. Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York like we're Left-Wing, Communist, Jewish, homosexual pornographers. I think of us that way sometimes and I live here.
The Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card and you'd tell 'em everything. That movie makes me feel guilty. Cause it's supposed to.
Well, I didn't start out spying. I thought I'd surprise you. Pick you up after school. Yeah, but you wanted to keep the relationship flexible. Remember, it's your phrase. Oh stop it, you're having an affair with your college professor, that jerk that teaches that incredible crap course, Contemporary Crisis in Western Man... Existential Motifs in Russian Literature. You're really close. What's the difference? It's all mental masturbation. Oh, well, now we're finally getting to a subject you know something about. Hey, don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone I love. We're not having an affair. He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat. Neat! What are you, 12 years old? That's one of your Chippewa Falls expressions. Neat! What are you, 12 years old? That's one of your Chippewa Falls expressions. Who cares? Who cares? Next thing, you know, he'll find you keen and peachy, you know. Next thing, you know, he's got his hand on your ass. You've always had hostility towards David, ever since I mentioned him. Dave? You call your teacher David? It's his name. It's a Biblical name, right? What does he call you, Bathsheba? Alvy, Alvy, you're the one who never wanted to make a real commitment. You don't think I'm smart enough. We had that argument just last month, or don't you remember that day?
Well, I don't know what I did wrong. I mean, I can't believe this. Somewhere, she cooled off to me. Is it something that I did? It's never something you do. That's how people are. Love fades.
What do you mean? You're not going to give up your own apartment, are you? Of course. But but but why? I'm moving in with you, that's why. Yeah, but you've got a nice apartment. I have a tiny apartment. I know it's small. That's right, and it's got bad plumbing and bugs. All right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs. But you, you say that like it's a negative thing. You know, bugs, uh - entymology is a rapidly growing field. You don't want me to live with you. I don't want you to live with me! Who's idea was it? Mine. Yeah, it was yours actually, but uh, I approved it immediately. I guess you think that I talked you into something, huh? No. We live together. We sleep together. We eat together. Jesus. You don't want it to be like we're married, do ya? You don't think I'm smart enough to be serious about. Hey, don't be ridiculous. Then why are you always pushing me to take those college courses like I was dumb or something? 'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing. You meet a lot of interesting professors. You know, it's stimulating.
Whose Catcher in the Rye is this? Well let's see now. If it has my name on it, then I guess it's mine... You know, you wrote your name in all my books 'cause you knew this day was gonna come. Well, uh, Alvy, uh, you wanted to break up just as much as I do. No question about it. I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt. Now look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.
With your wife in bed, does she need some kind of artificial stimulation, like, like marijuana? We use a large vibrating egg.
Yeah, grass, right? The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday. Well, have you ever made love high? Me? No. I - I, you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything, I get unbearably wonderful. I get too, too wonderful for words. I don't know why you have to get high every time we make love. It relaxes me. You have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed? Well, what's the difference anyway? Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal. You can sleep through it. Oh come on. Look who's talking. You've been seeing a psychiatrist for 15 years. You should smoke some of this. You'd be off the couch in no time.
You look like a very happy couple... How do you account for it? I'm very shallow and empty and I have no ideas and nothing interesting to say. And I'm exactly the same way.
So you wanna go into the movie or what? No, I've got to see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause, 'cause I'm anal. Ha! That's a polite word for what you are.
It's so clean out here. That's because they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.
That was fun. I don't think California is bad at all. It's a drag coming home. A lot of beautiful women. It was fun to flirt. I have to face facts. I adore Alvy, but our relationship doesn't seem to work anymore. I'll have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight. Why do I need this? If only I had the nerve to break up but it would really hurt him. If only I didn't feel guilty asking Annie to move out. It would probably wreck her. But I should be honest. Alvy? Let's face it. You know something? I don't think our relationship is working. I know. A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark. You know, it has to constantly move forward or it dies, and I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark.
Alvy, let's never break up again. I don't wanna be apart. You know Annie, I think we're both much too mature for something like that. Living together hasn't been so bad, has it? No, for me it's been terrific, you know... 'cause there is just something different about you. I don't know what it is, but it's great. You know, I think that if you let me, maybe I could help you have more fun.
So I told her about, about the family and about my feelings towards men and about my relationship with my brother. And then she mentioned penis envy. Do you know about that? Me? I'm, I'm one of the few males who suffers from that... She said that I was very guilty about my impulses towards marriage and children. And then I remember when I was a kid how I accidently saw my parents making love. Really. All this happened in the first hour? That's amazing. I'm off fifteen years. You know, I have nothing like that. I told her my dream and then I cried. Cried? I have never once cried. That's fantastic to me. I whine. I sit and I whine. Wait a minute Alvy. In my dream, Frank Sinatra is holding his pillow across my face and I can't breathe... strangling me... No kidding. Oh sure! Because he's a singer and you're a singer. You know, so it's perfect. So you're trying to suffocate yourself. It makes perfect sense. It's a perfect analytic kind of insight. She said your name was Alvy Singer. What do you mean? Me? Yeah, yeah you. Because in the dream, I break Sinatra's glasses. Sinatra had glasses? You never said Sinatra had glasses. So what are you saying? That I'm suffocating you?... Oh and God, Alvy, I did this really terrible thing to him. Because then when he sang, it was in this real high-pitched voice. What did the doctor say? Well, she said that I should probably come five times a week. And you know something? I don't think I mind analysis at all. The only question is, is "Will it change my wife?" Will it change your wife? Will it change my life? Yeah, but you said, "Will it change my wife?" No I didn't. I said, "Will it change my life, Alvy?" She said, "Will it change my wife?" You heard that, because you were there. So I'm not crazy. And then I told her about how I didn't think you'd ever take me really seriously because you don't think that I'm smart enough. Why do you always bring that up? Because I encourage you to take adult education courses? I think it's a wonderful thing. You meet wonderful interesting professors.
We never have any fun any more. How can you say that? Why not? You're always leaning on me to improve yourself. You're just upset. You must be getting your period. I don't get a period. I'm a cartoon character. Can't I be upset once in a while? Max, will you forget about Annie? I know lots of women you can date. I don't want to go out with any other women. Max, I have got a girl for you. You are going to love her. She's a reporter for Rolling Stone.
Well, you are what Grammy Hall would call a "real Jew". Thank you. Yeah, well, she hates Jews. She thinks they just make money, but let me tell ya, I mean, she's the one. Is she ever, I'm tellin' ya.
Can I confess something? I tell you this because, as an artist, I think you'll understand. Sometimes when I'm driving on the road at night I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast, I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car. I can anticipate the explosion. The sound of shattering glass. Flames rising out of the flowing gasoline. Right. Well, I have to - I have to go now, Duane, because I, I'm due back on the planet Earth.
We saw the Fellini film last Tuesday. It was not one of his best. It lacks a cohesive structure. You know, you get the feeling that he's not absolutely sure what it is he wants to say. 'Course, I've always felt he was essentially a - a technical film maker. Granted, La Strada was a great film. Great in its use of negative imagery more than anything else. But that simple, cohesive core... I'm gonna have a stroke... What I wouldn't give for a large sock full of manure... He's screaming his opinions in my ear... Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon... I found it incredibly... indulgent. You know, he really is. He's one of the most indulgent filmmakers. He really is... Key word is indulgent.
How do you plan to spend the holidays, Mrs. Singer? We fast. Fast? No food. You know, to atone for our sins. What sins? I don't understand. To tell you the truth, neither do we.
He's been depressed. All of a sudden, he can't do anything. Why are you depressed, Alvy? Tell Dr. Flicker. It's something he read. Something he read, huh? The universe is expanding... Well, the universe is everything, and if it's expanding, some day it will break apart and that will be the end of everything. What is that your business? He stopped doing his homework. What's the point? What has the universe got to do with it? You're here in Brooklyn. Brooklyn is not expanding. It won't be expanding for billions of years, yet Alvy. And we've got to try to enjoy ourselves while we're here, huh, huh? Ha, ha, ha.
Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience. Oh. Thank you. I mean that as a compliment. I think, I think there's too much burden placed on the orgasm, you know, to make up for empty areas in life. Who said that? It may have been Leopold and Loeb.
I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddie. I took a meeting with Freddie. Freddie took a meeting with Charlie. You take a meeting with him. All the good meetings are taken.
Are you on television? No. Yeah, once in a while... What's your name? You wouldn't know. It doesn't matter. What's the difference? You're on, uh, the, uh, the Johnny Carson, right? Once in a while, you know... What's your name? I'm - I'm uh, I'm Robert Redford. Come on. Alvy Singer. It was nice. Thanks very much for everything. Hey! Dis is Alvy Singah! Fellas, you know... Dis guy's on television!!! Alvy Singer. Right? Am I right? Gimme a break... Dis guy's on television!!! I need the large polo mallet. Who's on television? Dis guy - on the Johnny Carson Show. Fellas, what is this? A meeting of the Teamsters? What program? Kineye 'ave your ortograph? You don't want my autograph. No, I do. It's for my girlfriend. Make it out to Ralph. Your girlfriend's name is Ralph? It's for my bruddah. ALVY SINGER!! HEY! THIS IS ALVY SINGER!! Jesus, what did ya do? Come by way of the Panama Canal? I'm in a bad mood, OK? Bad mood? I'm standing with the cast of The Godfather. You're gonna have to learn to deal with it. I'm dealin' with two guys named Cheech.
There's Harry Drucker. He has a chair in history at Princeton. Oh, and the short man is Herschel Kominsky. He has a chair in philosophy at Cornell. Yeah. Two more chairs they got a dining room set...
What is so fascinating about a group of pituitary cases trying to stuff a ball through a hoop? What is fascinating is that it's physical. You know, it's one thing about intellectuals. They prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what's going on. But on the other hand, the body doesn't lie, as we now know. All you do is use your physical urges and sex to express hostility. "Why do you always reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories?" He said as he removed her brassiere.
You're Alvy Singer, right? Didn't we meet at EST? EST? No, no, I was never to EST. Then how can you criticize it?... No, no, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis... Hey, you guys are wearing white. It must be in the stars... Uri Geller must be on the premises someplace. We're gonna operate together.
I got a license but I have too much hostility.
Don't you have a can of Raid in the house? I told you a thousand times. You should always keep a lot of insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over.
You are extremely sexy, unbelievably sexy... You know what you are, you're polymorphously perverse... you're exceptional in bed because you got - you get pleasure in every part of your body when I touch it... Like the tip of your nose, and if I stroke your teeth or your kneecaps... you get excited.
You're a wonderful tennis player... You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life... and I love what you're wearing.
After that, it got pretty late and we both had to go, but it was great seeing Annie again and I realized what a terrific person she was and how much fun it was just knowing her... and I thought of that old joke, you know, the, this, this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says, "Doc, uh, my brother's crazy, he thinks he's a chicken." And uh, the doctor says, "Well why don't you turn him in?" And the guy says, "I would, but I need the eggs." Well, I guess that's pretty much now how I feel about relationships. You know, they're totally irrational and crazy and absurd and - but uh, I guess we keep going through it... because... most of us need the eggs.
Annie and I broke up. And I still can't get my mind around that. You know, I keep sifting the pieces of the relationship through my mind, and examining my life and trying to figure out where did the screwup come, you know. A year ago, we were in love, you know.
Darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, OK?
Did you go to a rock concert?... Oh yeah really, really? How'd you like it? Was it, was it heavy? Did it achieve total heaviosity?
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics.
I don't use any major hallucinogenics... Five years ago at a party, I tried to take my pants off over my head.
I don't want to live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that you can make a right turn on a red light.
I hope to become the balding virile type, you know, as opposed to, say, the distinguished gray, unless I'm neither of those two. Unless I'm one of those guys with saliva dribbling out of his mouth who wanders into a cafeteria with a shopping bag screaming about socialism.
I was a great athlete... I was all-school yard.
I was thrown out of N.Y.U. my freshman year for cheating on my metaphysics final, you know. I looked within the soul of the boy sitting next to me. When I was thrown out, my mother, who was an emotionally high-strung woman, locked herself in the bathroom and took an overdose of Mah-Jongg tiles. I was depressed at that time. I was in analysis. I was suicidal as a matter of fact and would have killed myself, but I was in analysis with a strict Freudian, and, if you kill yourself, they make you pay for the sessions you miss.
I'm making excellent progress. Pretty soon, when I lie down on his couch, I won't have to wear the lobster bib.
I'm obsessed with uh, with death, I think. Big - big subject with me, yeah. I have a very pessimistic view of life. You should know this about me if we're gonna go out. You know, I - I feel that life is - is divided up into the horrible and the miserable. Those are the two categories, you know. The - the horrible would be like, um, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. You know, and the miserable is everyone else. That's - that's - so - so - when you go through life - you should be thankful that you're miserable because you're very lucky to be miserable.
Love is too weak a word for what I feel - I luuurve you, you know, I loave you, I luff you, two F's, yes I have to invent, of course I - I do, don't you think I do?
Maybe we should just call the police. Dial 911. It's the lobster squad. It'll turn up in our bed at night. Talk to him. You speak shellfish... Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out... Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side?... We should have gotten steaks, 'cause they don't have legs. They don't run around.
My Grammy never gave gifts, you know. She was too busy getting raped by Cossacks.
Oh that's OK, we can walk to the curb from here!
She's a 10, Max, and that's great for you because you're - you're used to two's, aren't you?
Sun is bad for you. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college.
The incredible thing about it is, I'm paying for her analysis and she's making progress, and I'm getting screwed... It's absurd. She's making progress and I'm not making any progress. And her progress is killing my progress.
The other important joke for me is one that's usually attributed to Groucho Marx but I think it appears originally in Freud's Wit and Its Relation to the Unconscious - and it goes like this. I'm paraphrasing. I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member. That's the key joke of my adult life, in terms of my relationships with women.
There's an old joke. Uh, two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain resort, and one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know, and such small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life. Full of loneliness and misery and suffering and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.
They did not take me in the Army. I was, um, interestingly enough, I was, I was 4-P. Yes. In the, in the event of war, I'm a hostage.
They give awards for that kind of music? I thought just earplugs... They do nothing but give out awards. I can't believe it. Greatest Fascist Dictator - Adolf Hitler!
What did you do? Grow up in a Norman Rockwell painting? Your Grammy?
What I wouldn't give for a large sock with horse manure in it... What do you do when you get stuck in a movie line with a guy like this behind you? It's just maddening.
What? Are we driving through plutonium?
Why don't you get William F. Buckley to kill the spider?... Are you going with a right-wing rock 'n roll star?
Yeah, why not? Because we're just going to go home later, right, and there's gonna be all that tension, you know, we never kissed before. And I'll never know when to make the right move or anything. So we'll kiss now and get it over with, and then we'll go eat. OK? We'll digest our food better.
Yeah, you're really popular - I can see. What, you got the plague of something?
You know how you're always trying to get things to come out perfect in art, because it's real difficult in life.
You know, even as a kid, I always went for the wrong women. I think that's my problem. When my mother took me to see Snow White, everyone fell in love with Snow White. I immediately fell for the Wicked Queen.
You know, I don't think I could take a mellow evening because I - I don't respond well to mellow. You know what I mean? I have a tendency to - if I get too mellow, I - I ripen and then rot, you know.
You know, I was having lunch with some guys from NBC, so I said, "Did you eat yet or what?" And Tom Christie said, "No, JEW?" Not "Did you?"... JEW eat? JEW? You get it? JEW eat?
You're the reason that I got out of my room and that I was able to sing and, and, and you know get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap.
Doesn't Bill Gates have something like that? Bill who? Mr. Winston, can you reasonably deny that you have a monopoly in this area? Well, the only monopoly... we have at N.U.R.V., is monopoly on excellence.
Human knowledge belongs to the world.
This business is binary, you're a one or a zero. Alive or dead.
This isn't a game! In the real world, when you kill people they die - for real!
Time stands still for no ant. Sacrifice. To some, it is just a word. To others it is a code. What matters is the colony... He's willing to live for the colony... to fight for the colony... to die for the colony.
This tastes just like crap. Really? Let me try some. Hey, it is crap. Not bad. What if, like, we're just these tiny things... and we're just, like, part of this whole other huge universe... that's, like, so big we don't even know it exists? Man, that is so deep. Excuse me. I guess you didn't recognize me. My name is Princess Bala. I've been traveling, and I'm all... schlumpy. It's worse than I thought. They're Euro-trash. Haven't I seen you somewhere before? Well, maybe, then again, maybe not, and then again... yowch. That's it. You're the guy from the bar. Shhh. Bar? What bar? I... danced with this guy at the bar the other night. He was just a worker, then. What were you doing at a bar? Precisely what I want to know. No. This isn't about me. I mean, Look at this worker. Look what he's done. I think - I think you're thinking of someone else. After all, I am a soldier. Exactly. You WERE a worker, but now you're a war hero. He's a worker? A worker danced with my fiance? F-fiance? Hey, w-wait a minute. Th-this is not how it looks. I-I can explain this... hey, SHE was the one making all the moves. Don't you get it? I chose you because you were the most pathetic bug in the joint. You know, I was going to let you become a part of my most erotic fantasies, but now you can just write it off. I've been kidnapped by the village idiot. Who's the bigger idiot? The idiot, or the idiot who gets kidnapped by the idiot? Let me ask you something - what made you come to the bar that night? I guess I was looking for a little trouble. Well, trouble's my middle name. Actually, my middle name is Marion, but I don't want you spreading that around. Z, I've known you for a long time, right? Definitely; you were born two seconds after me. And ever since I've known you, all you do is complain; what are you bitching about? If you haven't noticed, us ants are runnin' the show. We're the lords of the Earth! Hey. Don't talk to me about "Earth", 'cause I just spent my day hauling it around.
Worker, climb that tree and tell me where I am. Labor? What you YOU know about labor? How would YOU feel if you were expected to give birth every 10 seconds for the rest of your life?
Wow, every worker in the colony is here. Hey, wait a minute. That guy owes me money. I've got to believe there's someplace better for me. Otherwise I'll just curl up into a larval position and weep. I think everything must go back to the fact that I had a very anxious childhood. You know, my - my mother never had time for me. You know, when you're - when you're the middle child in a family of five million, you don't get any attention. Will you calm down? You're not going to let a little near-death experience ruin your mood, are you? Let's be real about this. Bala and I... Bala is a princess, and I'm a soil relocation engineer. There you have it: your average boy-meets-girl, boy-likes-girl, boy-changes-the-underlying-social-order story. Handling dirt is not my idea of a rewarding career. Okay, I've gotta give myself a positive attitude. A good attitude even though I'm utterly insignificant. I'm, I'm insignificant... but with attitude. Nothing like a little post-traumatic stress disorder to make your day complete. And, y'know, I finally feel like I've found my place. And you know what? It's right back where I started. But the difference is, this time I chose it. We rebuilt the colony; better than before, because now we have a very large indoor swimming pool. Think about it, Bala. Do you really want to be Mrs. Raving Lunatic?
And what will you do after football, Tony, with no one to control?
And with the time I got left, I'm going to play my way. I'm 'a get my dollars up so when you start to waive me, trade, injured reserve me, or whatever the fuck y'all do, I be worth ten what I was worth before I got here.
Doesn't make sense, my not having a home, a family, a life.
Don't you guys drop me. I'm worth a million dollars.
Football's my life, Coach, my life. Its all I know how to do.
He's fucked up; they're all fucked up.
He's so freaked about Beamen taking his spot, he'd play with a fractured neck.
Hey, they love you today, but a season is 16 games kid, and its how you live through the bad ones that make you a quarterback, not a punk.
I don't know what to say really. Three minutes till the biggest battle of our professional lives. It all comes down to today. Now either we heal as a team, or we're gonna crumble. Inch by inch, play by play, till we're finished. We're in hell right now, gentlemen. Believe me. And we can stay here, get the shit kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb out of hell. One inch at a time. Now I can't do it for you. I'm too old. I look around, I see these young faces, and I think... I mean I've made every wrong choice a middle-aged man can make. I pissed away all my money, believe it or not. I chased off anyone who's ever loved me, and lately, I can't even stand the face I see in the mirror. You know when you get old in life, things get taken from you. That's part of life. But you only learn that when you start losing stuff. You find out life's this game of inches. And so is football. Because in either game, life or football, the margin for error is so small. I mean... one half a step too late or too early and you don't quite make it. One half second too slow too fast, you don't quite catch it. The inches we need are everywhere around us. They are in every break of the game, every minute, every second. On this team, we fight for that inch. On this team, we tear ourselves and everyone else around us to pieces for that inch. We claw with our fingernails for that inch. Because we know when we add up all those inches, that's gonna make the - difference between winning and losing! Between living and dying! I'll tell you this - in any fight, its the guy whose willing to die who's gonna win that inch. And I know if I'm going to have any life anymore, it's because I'm still willing to fight and die for that inch. Because that's what living is! The 6 inches in front of your face... Now I can't make you do it. You've got to look at the guy next to you, look into his eyes. Now I think you're gonna see a guy who will go that inch with you. You're gonna see a guy who will sacrifice himself for this team, because he knows when it comes down to it, you're gonna do the same for him. That's a team, gentlemen. And either we heal, now, as a team, or we will die, as individuals. That's football, guys. That's all it is. Now, what are you going to do?
I honestly believe that woman would eat her young.
I look at those pictures on the wall, it just makes me sad. Its like a room full of ghosts. When I'm done with the game, or the game is done with me, I don't wanna be some ghost up on the wall, I wanna be more than that.
I'm going to consult with a player? What are you talking about? I know his answer! They couldn't take a piss in the morning, without the pills. You want to play innocent? Fuck your innocence! You don't want to hear the answer, don't ask the question. I didn't have to ask him, because I knew the answer. These men are football players, they are gladiators. They will not live with shame, like you. And long ago, they made that choice. And I'm not going to take responsibility to stand between them...
If I play my way, I just might win. Then what the fuck was your life about, anyway?
Maybe it's not racism, maybe it's placism. A brother has to know his place, right, coach?
She will sell the team, and everything her father stood for is going to die.
This game has got to be about more than winning. You're part of something here... along the way, I want you to cherish it, because when it's gone, it's gone forever.
What's next, stigmata?
You're not having sex with anybody are you? What? You know. No, I don't know!
I hate my hair. I'm going to cut it all off. Over my dead body. Ok.
This is like being kidnapped, you don't understand that do you? I wish someone had kidnapped me when I was your age. So do I.
You don't have a job in the Los Angeles school district. I have an interview, and a great outfit.
Your mother is trying to beat a ticket. Oh give her one. She already has a drawer full of them.
Even if you can't stand her, even if you hate her, there's some mystery about my mother.
He said not to ever do that to me again. He said that if you do he'll have you taken off to prison and locked up and you'll never ever see me again, and you'll have to eat ice-cream on your own.
I'll always have a place in my heart for the Los Angeles Police Department.
Mom, Mom! I'm sorry but you have to understand I was just doing an audition. They wanted me to... no one would even know it was you... You know every morning I wake up and I don't even want to be here. Who would wanna be with you? You're just a crazy, middle aged, unemployed woman with a, with a child to support. Why can't our lives just be normal?
She is doing all the wrong things for all the right reasons.
That summer I turned seventeen... and started planning my escape.
You know what? I'm really hungry and it's not like we're not at Denny's. So, if someone comes in and sees me eat duck a l'orange, who knows what effect it'll have on my life?
This sho' nuff a bizarre sight in the middle-a all this shit!
Well, you see Willard... In this war, things get confused out there, power, ideals, the old morality, and practical military necessity. Out there with these natives it must be a temptation to be god. Because there's a conflict in every human heart between the rational and the irrational, between good and evil. The good does not always triumph. Sometimes the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called the better angels of our nature. Every man has got a breaking point. You and I have. Walter Kurtz has reached his. And very obviously, he has gone insane.
You are fighting for the biggest nothing in history.
Disneyland. Fuck, man, this is better than Disneyland.
You're in the asshole of the world, Captain!
Being playmate of the year... is the loneliest experience i can imagine. It's like... you try to express your feelings to someone and show them your heart and there's this glass wall between you, this invisible glass. They can see your mouth moving. But they can't hear what you're saying. You can never really make them hear what you're trying to say. That's why i tried so desperately... to show somebody that i had some talent. They make you do things you don't wanna do... like, this picture here. I started feeling repulsed with myself. Maybe i'm unfit to have a relationship with a beautiful, innocent boy. I wish... I wish i could find... just one person... that could share my point of view.
The war will still be here tomorrow.
There are two of you. One that kills and one that loves.
Then you are like us; your home is here.
And now here's another blast from the past coming out to Big Cind, all alone in the men's room out there with the First Battalion Thirty-fifth Infantry, and dedicated by the fire team at An Khe to their groupie CO Fred the Head: The Rolling Stones' Satisfaction.
How come all you guys sit on your helmets? So we don't get our balls blown off.
Your mission is to proceed up the Nung River in a Navy patrol boat. Pick up Colonel Kurtz's path at Nu Mung Ba, follow it and learn what you can along the way. When you find the Colonel, infiltrate his team by whatever means available and terminate the Colonel's command. Terminate?... the Colonel? He's out there operating without any decent restraint, totally beyond the pale of any acceptable human conduct. And he is still in the field commanding troops. Terminate... with extreme prejudice. You understand, Captain, that this mission does not exist, nor will it ever exist.
How're you feeling, Jimmy? Like a mean motherfucker, sir!
Did they say why, Willard, why they want to terminate my command? I was sent on a classified mission, sir. It's no longer classified, is it? Did they tell you? They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound. Are my methods unsound? I don't see any method at all, sir. I expected someone like you. What did you expect? Are you an assassin? I'm a soldier. You're neither. You're an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.
Do you know why you can never step into the same river twice? Yeah, 'cause it's always moving.
Are you crazy, God damn it? Don't you think its a little risky for some R&R? If I say it's safe to surf this beach Captain, then it's safe to surf this beach. I mean, I'm not afraid to surf this place, I'll surf this whole fucking place!
Could we, uh, talk to Colonel Kurtz? Hey, man, you don't talk to the Colonel. You listen to him. The man's enlarged my mind. He's a poet-warrior in the classic sense. I mean, sometimes he'll, uh, well, you'll say hello to him, right? And he'll just walk right by you, and he won't even notice you. And suddenly he'll grab you, and he'll throw you in a corner, and he'll say "Do you know that if is the middle word in life? If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you..." I mean, I'm... no, I can't... I'm a little man, I'm a little man, he's, he's a great man. I should have been a pair of ragged claws scuttling across floors of silent seas...
How long has this kid been on this boat? Seven months. He's really specializing in busting my balls. Very possible, Captain, he thinks the same of you... Oh yeah? And what you think, Chief? I don't think! My orders say I'm not supposed to know where I'm taking this boat, so I don't! But one look at you and I know it's gonna be hot, wherever it is. We're going about 70 klicks above the Do Lung bridge. That's Cambodia, Captain. That's classified. We're not supposed to be in Cambodia, but that's where I'm going. You just get me close to my destination, and I cut you and the crew loose. All right, Captain.
My mission is to make it up into Cambodia. There's a Green Beret Colonel up there who's gone insane. I'm supposed to kill him. That's fucking typical! Shit. fuckin' Vietnam mission! I'm short and we gotta go up there so you can kill one of our own guys? That's fuckin' great! That's just fuckin' great, man. Shit. That's fuckin'... crazy! I thought you were going in there to blow up a bridge, or, some fucking railroad tracks or somethin'.
Who's in charge here, soldier? Ain't you?... Soldier, do you know who's in command here? Yeah.
Lance, hey Lance. What do you think? It's beautiful. What's the matter with you? You're acting kinda weird. Hey, you know that last tab of acid I was saving? I dropped it. You dropped acid?... Far out.
Shit. Fuckin' Vietnam mission! I'm short and we gotta go up there so you can kill one of our own guys? That's fuckin' great! That's just fuckin' great, man. Shit. That's fuckin'... crazy! I thought you were going in there to blow up a bridge, or, some fucking railroad tracks or somethin'.
The heads. You're looking at the heads. I, uh... sometimes he goes too far, you know... he's the first one to admit it!
A spear.
He likes you because you're still alive.
He's worse than crazy, he's evil!
I mean, what are they gonna say about him, when he's gone, huh? What are they gonna say? Are they gonna say "He was a kind man"? "He was a wise man"? "He had plans"; "He had wisdom"? Bullshit, man! What are they gonna do when he's gone? What are they gonna turn to me? I mean come on, look at me! Am I gonna set them straight, NO... You.
"Dear son, I'm afraid that both you and your mother would have been worried for not hearing from me these past weeks. But my situation here has become a difficult one. I've been officially accused of murder by the Army. The alleged victims were four Vietnamese double agents. We spent months uncovering and accumulating evidence. When absolute proof was completed, we acted, we acted like soldiers. The charges are unjustified. They are in fact, under the circumstances of this conflict, quite completely insane. In a war there are many moments for compassion and tender action. There are many moments for ruthless action, for what is often called ruthless, what may in many circumstances be only clarity; seeing clearly what there is to be done and doing it directly, quickly, aware... looking at it. I would trust you to tell your mother what you choose about this letter. As for the charges, I'm unconcerned. I'm beyond their timid, lying morality. And so I'm beyond caring. You have all my faith. Your loving father."
Any man brave enough to fight with his guts strapped on him can drink from my canteen anyday.
Charlie didn't get much USO. He was dug in too deep, or movin' too fast. His idea of R&R was cold rice and a little rat meat. He had only two ways home: death or victory.
Charlie don't surf!
"Dialectic logic is there's only love and hate, you either love somebody or you hate them."
Don't these people ever give up?
Everybody wanted me to do it, him most of all. I felt like he was up there, waiting for me to take the pain away. He just wanted to go out like a soldier, standing up, not like some poor, wasted, rag-assed renegade. Even the jungle wanted him dead, and that's who he really took his orders from anyway.
Everyone gets everything he wants. I wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one. Brought it up to me like room service. It was a real choice mission, and when it was over, I'd never want another.
Fuck it. I'm gonna get me some mangoes.
Fucking savages!
Fucking tiger!
Have you ever thought about any real freedoms? Freedom from the opinions of others... even from the opinions of yourself?
He was one of those guys that had that weird light around him. You just knew he wasn't going to get so much as a scratch here.
Hey, man, you don't talk to the Colonel. You listen to him. The man's enlarged my mind. He's a poet-warrior in the classic sense. I mean, sometimes he'll, uh, well, you'll say "Hello" to him, right? And he'll just walk right by you, and he won't even notice you. And suddenly he'll grab you, and he'll throw you in a corner, and he'll say "Do you know that if is the middle word in life? If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you..." I mean, I'm... no, I can't... I'm a little man, I'm a little man, he's, he's a great man. I should have been a pair of ragged claws scuttling across floors of silent seas... I mean...
How many people had I already killed? There was those six that I know about for sure. Close enough to blow their last breath in my face. But this time it was an American and an officer. That wasn't supposed to make any difference to me, but it did. Shit... charging a man with murder in this place was like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500. I took the mission. What the hell else was I gonna do? But, I really didn't know what I'd do when I found him.
I used to think if I died in an evil place, then my soul wouldn't make it to heaven. Well, fuck. I don't care where it goes as long it ain't here.
I was going to the worst place in the world, and I didn't even know it yet. Weeks away and hundreds of miles up a river that snaked through the war like a main circuit cable... plugged straight into Kurtz. It was no accident that I got to be the caretaker of Colonel Walter E. Kurtz's memory... any more than being back in Saigon was an accident. There is no way to tell his story without telling my own. And if his story really is a confession, then so is mine.
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor. That's my dream. It's my nightmare. Crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight razor... and surviving.
I went down that river once when I was a kid. There's a place in the river... I can't remember... Must have been a gardenia plantation at one time. All wild and overgrown now, but for about five miles you'd think that heaven just fell on the earth in the form of gardenias...
I will not hurt or harm you. Just give me back the board, Lance. It was a good board... and I like it. You know how hard it is to find a board you like.
I worry that my son might not understand what I've tried to be. And if I were to be killed, Willard, I would want someone to go to my home and tell my son everything... everything I did, everything you saw... because there's nothing that I detest more than the stench of lies. And if you understand me, Willard, you will do this for me.
I'm asleep. I'm asleep and dreaming I'm on this shitty boat.
I've seen horrors... horrors that you've seen. But you have no right to call me a murderer. You have a right to kill me. You have a right to do that... but you have no right to judge me. It's impossible for words to describe what is necessary to those who do not know what horror means. Horror. Horror has a face... and you must make a friend of horror. Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared. They are truly enemies. I remember when I was with Special Forces. Seems a thousand centuries ago. We went into a camp to inoculate the children. We left the camp after we had inoculated the children for Polio, and this old man came running after us, and he was crying. He couldn't see. We went back there, and they had come and hacked off every inoculated arm. There they were in a pile. A pile of little arms. And I remember... I... I... I cried. I wept like some grandmother. I wanted to tear my teeth out. I didn't know what I wanted to do. And I want to remember it. I never want to forget it. I never want to forget. And then I realized... like I was shot... like I was shot with a diamond... a diamond bullet right through my forehead. And I thought: My God... the genius of that. The genius. The will to do that. Perfect, genuine, complete, crystalline, pure. And then I realized they were stronger than we. Because they could stand that these were not monsters. These were men... trained cadres. These men who fought with their hearts, who had families, who had children, who were filled with love... but they had the strength... the strength... to do that. If I had ten divisions of those men, then our troubles here would be over very quickly. You have to have men who are moral... and at the same time who are able to utilize their primordial instincts to kill without feeling... without passion... without judgment... without judgment. Because it's judgment that defeats us.
If I say it's safe to surf this beach, Captain, then it's safe to surf this beach!
If that's how Kilgore fought the war, I began to wonder what they really had against Kurtz. It wasn't just insanity and murder, there was enough of that to go around for everyone.
It's a way we had over here with living with ourselves. We cut 'em in half with a machine gun and give 'em a Band-Aid. It was a lie. And the more I saw them, the more I hated lies.
Lance Johnson the surfer?
Late summer-autumn 1968: Kurtz's patrols in the highlands coming under frequent ambush. The camp started falling apart... November: Kurtz orders the assassination of three Vietnamese men and one woman. Two of the men were Colonels in the South Vietnamese army. Enemy activity in his old sector dropped off to nothing. Guess he must have hit the right four people. The army tried one last time to bring him back into the fold. And if he pulled over, it all would have been forgotten. But he kept going, and he kept winning it his way, and they called me in. They lost him. He was gone. Nothing but rumors and random intelligence, mostly from captured VC. The VC knew his name by now, and they were scared of him. He and his men were playing hit and run all the way into Cambodia.
My orders say I'm not supposed to know where I'm taking this boat, so I don't. But one look at you, and I know it's gonna be hot.
Never get out of the boat!
Never get out of the boat. Absolutely goddamn right. Unless you were goin' all the way. Kurtz got off the boat. He split from the whole fuckin' program.
No wonder Kurtz put a weed up Command's ass. The war was being run by a bunch of four star clowns who were gonna end up giving the whole circus away.
Oh man, the shit piled up so fast in Vietnam you needed wings to stay above it.
On the river, I thought that the minute I looked at him, I'd know what to do, but it didn't happen. I was in there with him for days, not under guard, I was free, but he knew I wasn't going anywhere. He knew more about what I was going to do than I did. If the Generals back in Nha Trang could see what I saw, would they still want me to kill him? More than ever, probably. And what would his people back home want if they ever learned just how far from them he'd really gone? He broke from them, and then he broke from himself. I'd never seen a man so broken up and ripped apart.
One through nine, no maybes, no supposes, no fractions. You can't travel in space, you can't go out into space, you know, without, like, you know, uh, with fractions... what are you going to land on... one-quarter, three-eighths? What are you going to do when you go from here to Venus or something? That's dialectic physics.
Outstanding, Red Team, outstanding! Getcha a case of beer for that one.
Part of me was afraid of what I would find and what I would do when I got there. I knew the risks, or imagined I knew. But the thing I felt the most, much stronger than fear, was the desire to confront him.
Saigon... shit; I'm still only in Saigon... Every time I think I'm gonna wake up back in the jungle. When I was home after my first tour, it was worse. I'd wake up and there'd be nothing. I hardly said a word to my wife, until I said "yes" to a divorce. When I was here, I wanted to be there; when I was there, all I could think of was getting back into the jungle. I'm here a week now... waiting for a mission... getting softer; every minute I stay in this room, I get weaker, and every minute Charlie squats in the bush, he gets stronger. Each time I looked around, the walls moved in a little tighter.
Someday this war's gonna end...
Someday this war's gonna end. That'd be just fine with the boys on the boat. They weren't looking for anything more than a way home. Trouble is, I'd been back there, and I knew that it just didn't exist anymore.
The crew were mostly just kids. Rock 'n' rollers with one foot in their graves.
The horror... the horror...
The machinist, the one they called Chef, was from New Orleans. He was wrapped too tight for Vietnam, probably wrapped too tight for New Orleans. Lance on the forward 50's was a famous surfer from the beaches south of L.A. You look at him and you wouldn't believe he ever fired a weapon in his whole life. Clean, Mr. Clean, was from some South Bronx shithole. The light and space of Vietnam really put the zap on his head. Then there was Phillips, the Chief. It might have been my mission, but it sure as shit was the Chief's boat.
There's mines over there, there's mines over there, and watch out those goddamn monkeys bite, I'll tell ya.
They were gonna make me a major for this, and I wasn't even in their fuckin' army anymore.
They'd traded in their horses for choppers, and went tear-assing around 'Nam looking for the shit...
This is the way the fucking world ends. Look at this fucking shit we're in man. Not with a bang, but with a whimper. And with a whimper, I'm fucking splitting, Jack.
Unass that shit, get it out of here.
We must kill them. We must incinerate them. Pig after pig. Cow after cow. Village after village. Army after army. And they call me an assassin. What do you call it when the assassins accuse the assassin? They lie. They lie, and we have to be merciful, for those who lie. Those nabobs. I hate them. I do hate them.
We train young men to drop fire on people. But their commanders won't allow them to write "Fuck" on their airplanes because it's obscene!
We use Wagner. My boys love it. It scares the hell outta' the slopes.
What the hell do you know about surfing, Major? You're from god damned New Jersey.
Which way, Captain? You're on your own, Captain. Still wanna go on? Like this bridge: we build it every night. Charlie blows it right back up again. Just so the generals can say the road's open. Think about it. Who cares?
You can take that boat anywhere that suits you, young captain.
You either surf or you fight.
You got us in this mess, and now you can't get us out, because you don't know where the hell you're going, do you? Do you? You son of a bitch! You bastard!
You know, I've pulled a few special Ops in here. About six months ago, I took a man who was going past the bridge at Do Lung. He was regular army, too. I heard he shot himself in the head.
You smell that? Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. When it was all over I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' dink body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill. Smelled like... victory.
You're neither! You're an errand boy sent by grocery clerks... to collect a bill.
Zap em' with your sirens, man! Zap em' with your sirens!
You can kiss my ass 'cause I'm bugging out! I didn't drop out of the goddamn eigth grade for this shit, man! I only wanted to learn to cook, I only wanted to fuckin' cook, man!
Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck them.
